923     0       2014-12-08      The food at snack is a selection of popular Greek dishes. The appetizer tray is good as is the Greek salad. We were underwhelmed with the main courses. There are 4-5 tables here so it's sometimes hard to get seated. 
924     0       2013-05-16      This little place in Soho is wonderful. I had a lamb sandwich and a glass of wine. The price shocked me for how small the serving was, but then again, this is Soho. The staff can be a little snotty and rude, but the food is great, just don't expect world-class service. 
925     0       2013-07-01      ordered lunch for 15 from Snack last Friday.  On time, nothing missing and the food was great.  I have added it to the regular company lunch list, as everyone enjoyed their meal. 
926     0       2011-07-28      This is a beautiful quaint little restaurant on a pretty street.  If you're strolling through soho around lunchtime, this would be a great place to stop for a bite. I heard the reviews about the lamb sandwich, so I had to try it. I'm very happy that i did. Every single ingredient - from the bread to the onions and tomatoes, the lamb and the sauce - was delicious. These four stars are well deserved because of the tasty sandwich and great ambiance.  I would recommend this place to anyone. 
927     0       2010-11-01      Snack is great place for a  casual sit down lunch- especially on a cold winter day.  In many ways the restaurant mirrors the food- simple yet unique.  The avgolemono soup was lemony perfection and the butter bean salad hearty yet light.  The greek coffee is different...they sweeten it with honey which makes for an interesting thickness and sweet spice. I definitely plan on going back for dinner.  If the small space doesn't suit you their sister restaurant Snack Taverna in the West Village is just as good, if not better...and more "upscale" with waiters who make you feel well taken care of. 
928     0       2009-09-02      A solid 4 stars for this greek food spot.  If you're a fan of lamb like I am, you must come here and try the lamb sandwich.  Amazingly tender and juicy with onions and arugula.  Also had a good greek salad. 
929     0       2009-08-25      Let me start with a shout-out to everyone who is boosting the mint lemonade. That stuff is super tasty.  I refuse to believe you can get fresher, more delicious Greek food for your dollar.   I sport the lunch here regularly: huge sandwiches filled with marinated vegetables or succulent meats (the lamb is particularly choice) on a floury ciabatta with an ideal crust-crunch to soft-inner-womb.   The cold meze options are favorites.  I know that anyone can take good feta, cover it with salt, pepper, olive oil, and dish it up with some olives and tomatoes, but the quality and proportion of each of those ingredients is what makes it special here.  Heaven. You can rock a sandwich for $7.50 to $9.50 or grab bigger meals for no more than the mid-teens.  Get it done. 
930     0       2007-05-20      Love this place!  Try the Chicken sandwich or the Roasted Chicken.  Those are winners every time.  Really delicious and worth the wait. 
931     0       2005-12-27      My friend and I were intrigued by the nightly entree special, "Little Shoes," (eggplant stuffed with ground sirloin), and so we decided to eat at Snack. Although very tiny, we were able to stand while we waited and have a glass of wine at the narrow 'bar.' I absolutely loved the atmosphere, but I was a bit disappointed to find out that they were out of the entree special by the time we sat down. My substitute entree, Veg. Moussaka, was hearty and good, but cinnamon overpowered the other flavors. My friend had the stuffed tomato and green pepper plate, which I liked better. 
932     0       2014-05-09      Stopped in for lunch today and couldn't believe how delicious everything was! My boyfriend and I shared an avgolemono soup, lamb sandwich, spanakoptikia and baklava. Everything came out super quickly and far exceeded our expectations.  The service was wonderful too! We will definitely be back! 
933     0       2014-01-21      pretty cool place...good food...good people 
934     0       2014-01-20      all around good place, cozy, I came in and didn't have a huge appetite but just stuck to the appetizers...which my friend and I did the combo platter of and we were more than full with it. 
935     0       2011-01-31      Fabulous Authentic Greek Food!!! This little spot is bold with great flavors. Knowledgable host that describes the layers of a food like you were sitting in the kitchen watching the preparation. If you are a true foodie you don't want to miss Snack!
936     0       2008-07-07      Perfection.  Snack has become my favorite late lunch/early dinner spot.  Make sure to try the butter beans!!! 
937     0       2014-10-15      Tiny little place, but very good food. Pastitsio was especially good. 
938     0       2014-10-10      I had the braised lamb sandwich and was one of the best sandwiches of my life. Do yourself a favour and try this place! Friendly service and cosy atmosphere. 
939     0       2014-10-03      This spot is close to my job so I decided to check it out for lunch. The prices are just about what you would expect for Soho/"South Village" sit-down lunch prices; my meal came out to $20 for a mint lemonade and a decent-sized salad. I ordered what I think may have been a special, a roasted chicken & vegetable salad. The chicken was unbelievably dry, to the point where I had tough time chewing without choking a bit. It was served on a bed of arugula which could have chopped a little finer as it was in full, hard to eat pieces. When I eat a salad, I expect it to be cut down to make for easier bites. Not necessarily a chopped salad, just pieces that will actually fit in your mouth without chopping it up yourself. Basically, I don't want to use a knife to eat a salad. However, service was friendly & quick and the restaurant itself was comfortable, albeit tiny. I would go back to try something else, but probably not for a salad. 
940     0       2014-09-16      For lunch, my friend and I had: -Lamb sandwich, juicy and flavorful. -Roasted beet salad, pretty big portion. Good thing my friend shared it with me; otherwise I think I would so bored eating only beets, and a few leaves of greens. -Classic Greek Avolemono, basically a very tangy chicken broth with orzo. My friend really likes it at this place. The place is small. There are only 6 tables, but they do delivery. Good service if you decide to dine in. 
941     0       2014-08-10      Needed a quick, healthy light "lunch" and this place was perfect! Next time I'll definitely have yo plan better so I can try some of their hardier sandwiches and dishes. ALL the food looked AMAZING and the items we had were DELICIOUS! 
942     0       2014-06-17      Their artichoke chicken salad is good and plenty. 
943     0       2014-05-24      Some good Big Greek cooking!! Came to City on a gorgeous Sunday after a brutal winter one of the first clear sunny crisp Sundays to walk about Soho one of my fav's to do... And we were hungry and decided to try this hole in a wall gem!  Literally a hole in the wall which I think is perfect I believe they have 5 tables and it's so small the restroom is down the hall! The food is delicious...had the hummus, warm pita, lamb stew was fresh & just perfect, pastitsio (sp?) was perfect and portion were just enough! They dimmed the lights lit candles and it was a perfect way to end a Sunday...full tummy, wine, a real gem! The service is good hard not to be in such a small place! You feel like your in someone's home with other guest - the cooking is down home good! 
944     0       2014-05-21      Needed a quick bite and stopped here because of the reviews.  It's really cute and small inside. Had the roasted sandwich and it was good.  Service was very friendly, too.  Nice place to break from shopping 
945     0       2014-04-10      Food was delicious and service was great. Good atmosphere for a quick bite alone or to catch up with friends. 
946     0       2014-03-29      Awesome hole in the wall place to grab a quick bite. Great music, great vibes and great service. The lentil soup and steak sandwich was absolutely to die for. The space is really small yet cozy. 
947     0       2014-03-21      I love this place! Great soups and Greek salad and spinach pie and tuna sandwiches. I've been a fan for years. The dining "room" is small and cramped but prices are low and the food is always fresh and delicious. I've only been there for lunch and look forward to going back for dinner. Services is fine -- not special - but more than adequate for a special little SOHO secret gem 
948     0       2014-03-08      The food is amazing! The service is equally amazing! My friends and I are definitely coming back to this place. 
949     0       2014-03-01      Quick, delicious and filling. After a few hours of shopping in SoHo we were starving. They couldn't accommodate the three of us at first (it's tiny), but took my number and called us back like 15 mins later. Fresh ingredients and the flavors hit all the right notes. The pastitsio was delicate, the hummus was creamy and the dolmades werent too dense, or tart. Service was with a smile, too. Definitely good to try on a mellow Saturday afternoon. 
950     0       2014-01-24      Delicious, consistent, well-priced. Food tastes clean and feels like its made with love. 
951     0       2014-01-18      Really quaint little "hole in the wall" kind of stop. Only a block away from the avenue of the Americas in Soho. There's only 4 tables for about 8 people at anytime but it didn't seem too much of a problem at 1:30pm on a Saturday. Really freshly authentic Greek food and pure cane sugar soft drinks were definitely something different. Definitely worth 5 stars. Relatively cheap as well. 
952     0       2014-01-16      Delicious lamb sandwich 
953     0       2013-10-17      So... as you may notice from some of my other reviews... i am not the healthiest eater (.. I DO try).  Snack has about the BEST Greek Salad I have ever tasted.  Big juicy tomatoes... crunchy fresh cucumbers...fantastic olive oil dressing.  I don't eat greek salads typcially - but I do eat them at Snack...Actually, I crave them when visting New York.  You should try it! 
954     0       2013-10-02      Novelty meets Mediterranean meets SoHo. This place can only squeeze in about 8-10 at 2 seater tables; and I do mean squeeze! But its a money spot for lunch or a quick on the go bite. Go for their lamb sandwich, the dressings are fantastic flavor pairings. If you're looking for something lighter for both your stomach and your wallet, try the soup. The Mediterranean sandwich is full of veggies too. Great variety, cute location, good food. 
955     0       2013-09-10      Been meaning to try this place for a while-highly recommended by a friend. Had the tuna sandwich...good but got TERRIBLY SICK after word. Also, sage tea was nice. 
956     0       2013-08-22      If you're looking for authentic Greek and a cozy atmosphere, this is the place. Seriously, it's cozy. There are maybe 5-6 tables in this place. However, despite it's tininess, the server was very helpful to each and every customer in the restaurant. My girlfriend and I had to wait a few minutes to be seated but he took the time to explain some of the Greek drinks and menu items to us. The service was fantastic and and the food was prepared very quickly, and though I'm new to the city, I'm certain it will stay on my list for a very long time as being the best Greek I have ever had. We ordered the Tzatziki cucumber yogurt, Houmus, and Tiropitakia cheese triangles. I strongly recommend this place!
957     0       2013-08-02      Great find in SoHo.  We could have been satisfied with the huge Greek salad and side of hummus, but also got a chicken souvlaki sandwich special that was killer.  It's a small place but really charming and worth checking out. 
958     0       2013-06-23      The taramosalata is to die for.  I recommend the Shrimp Santorini. Also, my good friend who is Greek loves this restaurant and says it tastes very authentic! 
959     0       2013-04-30      What a pleasant little shop. Tiny, cute, liquor license, credit cards accepted, intimate....perfection ensues We went for a light dinner and ordered the roasted red pepper salad and the lamb koftikas. The salad had tons of red peppers, a bit potent, but very good. But the Lamb Koftikas, omg, have you ever wondered what you're doing wrong? What's that missing secret ingredient? Well look no further, it's pine nuts. How did I not know this, add it to meatballs and you're in for a treat. The wait staff was extremely pleasant and made wandering randomly into Snack a great experience. I will have to come back when I can eat more than half of an entree. 
960     0       2013-04-16      This place is TINY! I think it fits 10 people max. Keep that in mind when considering to come here on a weekend night. The food was great though and setting romantic! I recommend coming here if you're in the area and there is an open seat. Oh word of warning, but i guess it's standard for smaller shop establishments in NYC, i saw a roach on the wall here. 
961     0       2013-04-10      Lamb sandwich... mmm... eat here. 
962     0       2013-03-25      I ordered the spinach pies. Not very good. Soggy. No real taste. Also got the artichoke chicken salad. Portion size was huge but chicken was dry     . 
963     0       2013-03-02      This tiny cafe on Thompson has been a favorite of mine for years, and I'll tell you why. Everything is fresh and the attention to detail makes it a keeper. The lamb sammie on ciabatta is melt in your mouth chunks of lamb, with roasted onions and pretty much to die for. It's big enough for two gals to share, for sure. My favorite soup of all time, they rock here -- the Avgolemono is super lemony and perfect, with al dente orzo. Served with toasted slivers of olive oil coated fresh bread. And in every take away bag then toss little twists of waxed paper filled with a few Jordan almonds. Pretty adorable, since I'm a sucker for these little touches. 
964     0       2013-02-20      I was impressed! This was my first time picking up food from Snack. I had no idea it was a Greek place after walking by a few times. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality at this tiny but quaint eatery. I'm half Greek so I've had a lot of Avgolemeno soup - I got the Snack version and was totally blown away! I loved the big orzo rice and the flavor was perfectly lemony and super delicious. The Chicken Artichoke salad was WOW! Its huge and there was a generous amount of roasted chicken and all of the other fresh and tasty toppings. My minor suggestion for the kitchen would be to cook the potatoes just a little more. But that didn't affect the overall amazingness of this salad. This will definitely be a place I will be visiting again! 
965     0       2013-02-14      Ohhh Snack. I love you, Snack. I order from here often since it's close to my work and their delivery is always precise and on-time. Their avgolemono and vegetarian souvlaki are fantastic and I hope that one day, maybe, I'll be able to replicate their giant beans in that delicious dill tomato sauce. I haven't yet eaten in the store itself, but I'm sure it'll be just as enjoyable as digging into my brown paper sack for the best (and still reasonably priced) lunch I can find in SoHo. 
966     0       2012-12-19      I don't understand the whole "You can't order off the lunch menu if you're sitting down for dinner" thing, especially when your restaurant is empty.  You'd think they'd be glad for the chance to earn a tip and the glass of wine or 2 I might order... but I guess not.  -1 star for that... The lamb sandwich to go though was pretty awesome.  I'd go back and try a sit down dinner, but I guess I wouldn't be able to have that sandwich again.
967     0       2012-12-15      Perfect for what the name implies: great butter bean salad and even better winter soups. Perfect for dates or other one-on-one dinner. I wouldn't bring a part of more than four here - it's exclusively single tables and seats maybe 14 all together. Really a gem, especially because it doesn't advertise itself as a Greek restaurant, but the food is definitely Mediterranean. 
968     0       2012-11-16      Really delicious sandwich- had the lamb. It was enormous and I was able to eat it in two meals. Tight though, so I'd recommend grabbing and going. Definitely a neat block to visit for lunch if you ever get bored of Sullivan st. Plus they accept credit cards! 
969     0       2012-10-25      I went to this place once before and LOVED it. I bragged about it to a friend and took her to eat there last week. Well, it wasn't good a second time around and that is a shame. We ordered the tuna salad, skordalia (garlic dip) and chicken souvlaki sandwich. The tuna salad was fine - I really can't complain about that. The skordalia was not fine and was more like soup than a dip. So watery and not authentic at all. The chicken souvlaki sandwich was ice cold. Like it was in a freezer. Also to add to the disappointment was the super weird waitress. Maybe she was overwhelmed or something..I don't know.  Anyway, can't say I'd go back and that's a bummer because I really liked it the first time. 
970     0       2012-10-07      Delicious, savory, creamy--try the pastitsio, vegetarian mousaka, stuffed grape leaves, baklava. Lunch-wise, I wouldn't recommend the artichoke/chicken salad--the big chunks of chicken resembled the big chunks of potato. Lovely atmosphere--just a few tables lined up along a mirrored wall, across from imported canned goods. Intimate at night, and bright and charming at lunch. 
971     0       2012-09-16      Super small but it felt cozy rather than cramped. Get the lamb sandwich!!!
972     0       2012-08-12      Lacklustre service, soggy lukewarm spinach pie and two-day-old cucumber salad. Go to Local instead! 
973     0       2012-08-03      I am Greek, and a huge fan of Greek food, so a bit of a tough critic, but Snack is very good. Not fantastic, but pretty good. The tzatziki and hummus is awesome, but make sure to get extra pita!
74683	231	2014-09-15	Tried this out due to the fantastic reviews on yelp.  Have to say, didn't really live up to the hype.  Maybe I went into the experience with high hopes. We ordered the Boscaiola and the Aglio, Olio.  The idea was good, but under-delivered.  The dough itself was completely soaked through and flimsy making it very difficult to eat.  The ingredients were mediocre - could have used a little salt or something to spruce up the unique flavors.   Compared to Roberta's or Saraghina, this joint - in my opinion - is under par. I'd go back, but with lower expectations.
14632	231	2014-09-11	The other day I realized that I was in a pizza mood.  Now I've almost completely cut pizza out of my diet at this point, and yes by saying that I know I sound like a bitch (all due deference to bitches).  With one small exception, I hadn't had pizza in months.  I'm Italian.  That's a problem.  To rectify this I visited Sottocasa, which was on my pizza hit list.  Being in the basement of a building, the space was small and intimate.  I decided to sit in the backyard, which has an enclosed patio along with some other open air tables.  The servers are all Italian, which I don't mind but actually isn't that big of a plus.  Namely, my server was kind of a douche and not all that knowledgeable about the menu; I thought at first this may have just been the language gap but it definitely wasn't.  For instance he didn't know basic facts like where the ingredients were from, couldn't make a recommendation outside of a clear upsell, and otherwise relied on his accent and being a "pretty boy" rather than actually being good at his job.  That might work with some 20-something girl from the Midwest who just moved to Brooklyn because it's "cool", but it doesn't do much for me.  I'd take someone of ANY ethnic background who actually knows what they're doing any day of the week. They talk a lot about the beer list here, which may be the last place in Brooklyn dominated by Italians.  Italian beers, that is.  I actually wasn't that impressed, as I know a few places with better or comparable lists of Italian beers.  There were some good items to select from even if they price gouge out the ass ($12-$15 per glass).  I grabbed Super by Baladin which was great (very nuanced), and their house ale which was just beer (mediocre).  I got the diavola for my pizza, which is a margherita with hot soppressata and olives.  While some elements of this were good the whole thing fell well short.  In particular the olives were applied with a very heavy hand.  The use of olives and their saltiness to enhance the spice of the soppressata isn't a bad idea but they overshadowed everything else on the pie.  The soppressata was standard and very plentiful, but again this overshadowed some good fresh mozzarella.  The tomatoes were mediocre and were rightly lost in the application.  In addition the end crust was good, but the inner crust was far too thick to take on the characteristic "wetness" of a prototypical pizza napoletana.  This means you're eating a thick piece of bread rather than the thin, delicate set of contrasts that mark a great pizza napoletana.  All in all there were far too many things that prevented me from enjoying this pizza.  You'd expect some guys from Napoli to do a much better job. I'd go back to give Sottocasa another shot if I was with someone who wanted to try it, but I'm not explicitly going to it again.  It's okay, not even close to great.  And with more and more pizzerias opening it just fades quietly into the background.  Luckily the restaurant seems to be well run enough as they have a decent regular customer base; they'll be fine just where they are.  Classic example of an overhyped pizzeria. Edit (addressing the owner comment): Luca, I'd rather respond to you publicly.  Sounds like you have some problems; in particular you think your customers owe your restaurant something.  Respect is earned not given.  Your pizza was downright mediocre and my experience was subpar.  I've never once flouted my Elite status anywhere for any reason, let alone in your establishment.  Reading it again, I don't have any issue with the verbiage in my review, especially considering it was accurate; if anything I was generous.  I may try to be funny at certain points in the review as that's my writing style, however I think it's clear for anyone reading that I am actually calling out the lack of service I received.  If you don't want to take criticism it's your problem.  I'm knocking this down to 1 star which is where it belongs.
99738	231	2014-09-01	Delicious. Italian micros run a little steep. Really enjoyed the beer salad and the spicy sausage with Gorgonzola pie.
51252	231	2014-08-27	Great staff, great food, great atmosphere! The waiters are authentically Italian and even commented to the table to our right that they had ordered "a lot of food"! Poured the wine in a decanter before service which was a nice touch to a great meal!
99739	231	2014-08-26	Came here because of high reviews on yelp. So glad to have found this place close to where I work. The pizza was delicious (ordered the Popeye) and the service was perfect. The waiter and runners always seemed to show up at the exact right time. My girlfriend has been a food and beverage manager and she was extremely impressed. We ordered the tagliere for the appetizer. Generous portions of Italian meat and cheese and it came with a huge slap of rosemary bread. May get something lighter next time as I barely finished the pizza. We will be back. :)
93450	231	2014-08-25	Subpar food and OK service. Our waitress said that it was her 2nd day.  I guess it's an excuse for bad service.   2 group of guests who arrived after us got their food before us.   They also sent our food to wrong table. Pizza was just OK. And over priced for what it is even though they use "fresh ingredients". We had beets appetizer which was so off and felt like chewing flavorless pickled beets. Pizza was soggy. they use ceramic plate to serve pizza and it collects condensation and makes pizza wet and miserable. And it was missing salt. Just OK pizza. Not worth paying $18. You can walk down to Brooklyn Bridge park for way better pizza from FORNINO. It's cheaper and the view is unbeatable.
3396	231	2014-08-19	We come here all the time when we want delicious easy dinner.  I've also had their pizzas at their remote temp outpost in Industry City/Sunset Park.  Sometimes we will get takeout, but it's obv the best when it's fresh out the oven.  I always get the Valdostana with fontina prosciutto and sage - insane.  My fiancé gets the Diavola with hot soppressata olives and basil.  The Autunno white pizza with Brussels sprouts is also a favorite.
67289	231	2014-08-10	Can't ask for someone to make a better pizza. I have nothing else to say on the matter.
99740	231	2014-08-09	Best pizza experience of NYC!  My fiance and I had a splendid date night last night and truly enjoyed Sottocasa's ambiance and staff in addition to the crisp, delicious Neopolitan style pizza!  They have a wonderful bottle beer list in addition to wine list!  Don't miss trying the Tartufata (mushrooms, light truffle spread, prosciutto di parma) or the Boscaiola (mushrooms, gorgonzola, spicy italian sausage).  Crisp, light dough with excellent flavor and the toppings were such great pairings.  If I had to pick one pizza over the other it would be the Boscaiola just because I loved the spiciness of their hot salsiccia :)  Don't forget to top off your meal with a wonderful cappuccino and tiramisu. The staff are amazingly friendly and attentive!  Thank you Mari, Samuelle, and the rest of the staff for making our first night at SottoCassa as good as it gets!  We can't wait to go back for more.
79848	231	2014-08-04	LOVE! Came here yesterday (aka lazy Sunday afternoon, aka perfect day for some yummy pizza) and were not disappointed! This place reminded me and my husband of the pizzerias in Italy that we had visited this past may.  We had a 1/2 liter of Chardonnay (which was quite tasty and got us pretty drunk against all odds) and each ordered an individual pizza - my husband got the Diavolo (with olives and hot sopressatta) and i got the hot Italian sausage pizza. Both were delicious and quite large.  The outdoor seating area was a definite plus, cool but encased in glass so u don't get eaten alive by mosquitoes. All in all this place rocked and totally took us back a few months to Fierenze!
99741	231	2014-07-23	Wow. The Laura Pizza. The Fresco calzone. Amazing. Food is fresh and comes out quick.
68901	231	2014-07-20	Went with a group of six. As opposed to splitting a pizza everyone went solo. Wine selection was good. Environment was open and airy and they had outside seating if you want. With so many of us we didn't notice if the wait for the food was long as the wine was flowing. Pizza was good and the ingredients were fresh and you can tell they are quite pleased and concerned with the quality they serve. Definitely a nice neighborhood spot.
6815	231	2014-07-20	This place is really cute. It is small but has a very intimate and attractive decor. Food was good too. The table had a variety of different pizzas, which everyone liked. Service was good. Wine was plentiful. No real complaints. I will be back.
99742	231	2014-07-18	We arrived when it was storming, and sat in the outdoor porch area which is enclosed sort of like a greenhouse. The ambience was perfect, the pizza amazing. I don't know how much more I can add that the other yelpers didn't about the food.
99743	231	2014-07-13	Absolutely awesome arugula & beet salad, focaccia bread, meat & cheese plate (SO GOOD), and an anchovy pizza with a nice chianti ....excellent service and GREAT food!
99744	231	2014-07-13	Me and my wife were walking the Fulton area looking for food getting hungrier by the minute, getting desperate for something good, we decided on pizza, quick search pulled up this place, thinking that it "will do" we walked in and immediately realized by the smells that we had found an amazing place. And when that magic brick oven pizza came to our table, we were sold, perfect crust, spicy italian sausage, basil, Gorgonzola all came together perfectly. Along with the house chianti and the beats with whipped goat cheese (perfect delicate balance) to the robust pizza flavors. Add all of that to a very nice little space and we have a winner. When we want hipster pizza we go to Roberta's, when we want classic italian, we'll be back here! 10's all around.
41484	231	2014-07-10	Charming restaurant located in one of my favorite neighborhoods in Brooklyn.  We ordered the Diavola pizza to share for take out.  The pizza was excellent, toppings were generous and good quality meats were used.  The sauce was rich in flavor but didn't over power the toppings and overall the pizza was not greasy.  The crust had excellent consistency--chewy but not overly so.  Two people could easily split one pizza.  Prices are very reasonable.  We will definitely return the next time we are in the area.
17822	231	2014-07-05	Came here for the first time after watching the Macy's fireworks on the promenade. Such a cute little place for a pizza restaurant. My boyfriend and I wanted some pizza but wanted to skip the long lines of joints that were filled with bustling people. Thanks to Yelp we quickly found this gem just a few blocks away. We split a green salad with balsamic vinaigrette (Insalatina) and also split the Verdure pizza. We weren't exactly starving so we figured it would have been best if we didn't get our own individual pies. The Verdure pizza came with tomatoes, mozzarella, eggplant, caramelized onions, mushrooms, and basils. Besides the basil that left a unfavorable bitter taste (which we didn't think went well together), the pie was pretty good. It was not at all greasy, the cheese tasted fresh and the crust was thin, but doughy. The restaurant also had a mini wine bar and an outdoor seating option with a backyard patio. The servers were also attentive even though it was quite packed. Overall, good service, good pizza and be sure to explore the menu!
99745	231	2014-06-30	I went here with my girlfriend and her dad for dinner. It's a small little place off of Smith Street and Atlantic Avenue. You walk down the stairs, watch your step as you walk into the restaurant. The place is nice, and basic. A little modern look, with the oven burning in the back, and there is a yard that looks pretty nice. But we didn't sit outside, since it was boiling hot.  These guys claim they're similar in nature to the Pizzeria "Keste" on Bleecker Street in Manhattan. I love Keste, so I was very excited for to eat here.   We all ordered our own individual pizzas. I ordered a Pizza Diavlo, Mozzerella, Hot Sopressata, and Black olives. My girlfriend ordered an Aglio Olio, which is a pizza with mozzerella, ricotta, garlic, hot chili flakes, and basil. And my girlfriend's dad ordered a "popeye", which comes with  tomatoes, mozzarella, ricotta, and baby spinach. We didn't drink any wine, but they do have an extensive wine list, and all looked very appetizing. My pizza was absolutely delicious! The crust was tasty, the cheese and sauce was great, and the hot sopressata was just the finish I needed for the cherry on top. Everyone seemed to love their own pizzas, and the check wasn't bad either. It totaled $52. Not bad for three personal pies, and sodas. I'd imagine that if we did drink wine, the check would be more, but I personally don't mind paying when the food is excellent.  These guys match up with Keste, and is on par with that kind of excellence. Go here if you live in Brooklyn and wish to not make the trip out to the city. Delicious and satisfying.
44025	231	2014-06-16	Top level pizza brought to you by an Italian staff. Nice salads, excellent coffee and a good vibe. Together with Barboncino the best Italian pizza in Brooklyn!
74104	231	2014-06-10	I had the Boscaiola.  What a fantastic little pie.  Fresh ingredients. Crust charred perfectly.  And some good wine to go with it. I think the owners are brothers.  Really nice guys - from Italy. What a surprise. :/.
9501	231	2014-06-09	Sottocasa is a sweet, little restaurant with fantastic pizza. We arrived on a hot summer night and found it empty...until we realized that there was a lovely outdoor area in back full of customers. We joined them and dined on tagliere, barbabietole (beet salad), and valdostana pizza. Tagliere, an appetizer of three cheeses and three cured meats, was delicious. The cheeses were particularly memorable - especially two balls of fresh, soft ricotta that were sublime. It was served with a pizza-sized flat focaccia. This was a huge amount of food and well worth $16. Because we had the appetizer, we were already well on out way to "full" so two of us split one pizza. Although the waiter described the pizza as personal sized, it was large. The valdostana was classic tomato and mozzarella with fontina, prosciutto, and sage. The sage actually added fantastic flavor. We both loved this pizza - the crust is soft and chewy and as my boyfriend noted, "I could have closed my eyes and been in Naples." Absolutely. Friendly Italian staff, good service, great atmosphere. Also a very interesting beer selection.
2362	231	2014-06-06	The pizza here is amazing. Chewy dough and fresh toppings, can't go wrong with pizza here. I usually split a salad and pizza, which is filling enough for two. The place itself has a lovely rustic look. Service, however, is a bit slow. Like hey dudes, I'm not checking you out. I'm looking at you to get your attention and to get the check.
99746	231	2014-06-02	Excellent pie!! This is what i had in mind when searching for a perfect pizza. Sauce, toppings and crust was perfect. I highly recommend stopping in and having the Boscaiola
99747	231	2014-05-28	Comparable to some other "fine" pizza establishments in Brooklyn. The pizzas are "personal sizes"; 11 inches. We ordered 3. One for my dad and 2 was filling for my mom, sister, and I. My dad had the salsiccia which he thought was okay because the dough was a little wet (soggy) in the middle which I would agree with our pizzas. Not sure how and why that happens but I've experienced that when making pizza at home. We ordered the verdure and burrata. My mom thought the verdure was too much, too many different flavors going on but loved the burrata. My sister and I really liked both. I've been wanting to try burrata cheese in general and this was a great setting and way (on pizza) to taste it. Note, the burrata pizza is only made on Fri-Sun. The service is great. The dining room is really quaint and nicely decorated. It looked like there was an outdoor patio out back but we chose to sit at the very front, at the window, which was just as nice.
67511	231	2014-05-27	Can't wait to come back here. Stopped in with my boyfriend and his parents for a Saturday night dinner. We were seated in the back area, under a tent but still with the outdoor vibe. We split a salad and three pies, which was just about the perfect amount. All ingredients were clearly super fresh, and the pies were just perfection. The ricotta on our white pizza (I believe it was the Aglio, Olio or something like that) was so creamy and perfect. I am still thinking about it, two days later. Plotting a return trip so that I can try even more that this delicious place has to offer!
99748	231	2014-05-26	What more can I say about this place. I love pizza and I LOVE their pizza. I divide my pizzas into two categories: Fancy pizza and non-fancy pizza. I have to say that this pizza is in the fancy category (more expensive but better ingredients) but it's the best fancy pizza I ever had. So tasty and not greasy at all. It's the perfect fancy pizza. I took my parents to Sottocasa (also native New Yorkers) and they called me the next day just to tell me how good this pizza. Also, the service is nothing more than spectacular. Super friendly and it seems like they all enjoy working with each other. If I ever have to move from this neighborhood then losing this place will make me the most upset!
8133	231	2014-05-26	Wow. This may have been the best pizza I've ever had.  Quality ingredients and an amazing crust.  I don't go to Brooklyn much, but I'd go just for this pizza.  They also have a pretty cute garden type area in the back, and they do their best to hide the fact that it's enclosed by buildings.  Great service as well. Highly recommend.
9905	231	2014-05-21	Perfect slice of heaven!! We had a pie with arugula and ham top with truffle oils. Must try.
19219	231	2014-05-07	This place reminds me of Brooklyn central in park slope but slightly more affordable. I didn't feel bad ordering two pies when the plain was $12. The pizza was awesome, felt right at home as soon as I walked in, and in a great spot with parking and transportation nearby for a quick meal or take home dinner. I would definitely make the trip back to get pizza from here!
30901	231	2014-04-28	Do you like quality pizza but are overwhelmed by all the pizza options NY has to offer? Take it from a native, go here. It is that simple. The service is impeccable, atmosphere is fun and inviting, and the food is fantastic. I went this past weekend with my family for my birthday and just loved seeing the staff speak to my parents in Spanish, accommodate my sister-to-be-vegan, and well, just give us all around quality good service. Everything is imported from Italy and you can taste the difference. My favorite pizza was the Diavola! Enjoy!
66275	231	2014-04-27	Stopped by here for the first time for lunch and everything sounded so delicious! It's a cute truly Italian pizza joint. Beautiful outside eating area. Staff was very friendly and attentive! I got the traditional margherita pizza and it did not disappoint!! So delicious! I wish the sauce was a tad bit sweeter for my tastes but I definitely see myself coming back to try the other pizzas. The pizza is enough for 1 person and not too much there's about 4 pieces for each pie.
13138	231	2014-04-25	Forget cheap, $1 slices* and let's get classy people. Sottocasa brings that elegance and refined take on brick oven authentic Neapolitan pizza that we're all looking for. It's a cozy, inviting and rustic little establishment. My friend and I were looking for someplace with a great atmosphere and reasonably priced dinner. And we found just that. Sottocasa sources their flour and tomatoes from Italy as well as their wood fired oven was built and shipped directly from Naples! How's that for ya? When I walked inside I was immediately enticed by their simplistic decorations and wooden picnic tables. We were asked if we'd like to sit in the closed-off greenhouse. UMMM... YES PLEASE! Just my kind of seating. They have stringed lights from the ceiling and heat lamps for when it gets cold. Practical and pretty. Now let's talk food. For the antipasti we ordered the Prosciutto, Mozzarella and a side of Arugula salad. It was all extremely fresh -- a nice beginning to our meal. As for the main course we weren't too hungry and decided on splitting a pizza. We chose the Salsiccia: tomatoes, mozz, hot italian sausage and basil. *Sigh* The dough was perfectly crispy and held all those ingredients fairly well. Brick oven just has that home-y taste that you can't get anywhere else. That crispy, slight (in a good way) charred crust. Brings me back to when I visited Italy when I studied abroad. Our service was great... the waiter was friendly and helpful when deciding on what to choose. As well as we didn't feel rushed since we had a lot to catch up on that night. Hey, we're talkative people! Overall, I'm really impressed with this place. I can't wait to come back and try their other items on the menu. *Eyes immediately drift towards the Burrata pizza*. Next time it is! ______________________________ *I mean don't get me wrong... we all have those $1 pizza night cravings. You know what I'm talking about.
99749	231	2014-04-19	What a lovely little place.  Unique beer list, romantic lighting, a little hard to find (Down a small staircase and slightly set back) When the customers are speaking Italian with the staff, you know it's going to be good.
99750	231	2014-04-12	One of my favorite pizzerias in NY! Delicious, light, flavorful pizza on a perfect crust. Just perfect pizza. And the salads are delectable. The desserts wonderful too. Come here for birthdays. No reservations taken, however were always quickly accommodated. Very kind service
99751	231	2014-04-11	Love this place... that is all!
36025	231	2014-04-03	I moved to a new apartment about six months ago and while it is in the same general vicinity as my old apartment there are a number of restaurants in my new neighborhood that I had never tried before- Sottocasa being one of them. I have now been here many times and has become one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood! First of all this restaurant is adorable. It feels like you are walking into a restaurant in Italy. They also have a covered patio, which I definitely plan to utilize if it ever gets warm!  Also, everyone that works here is so friendly-they are also very knowledgeable about the food and give really great recommendations if you are struggling to decide between a couple of options. Now for the food...for antipasto, I have tried both the insalatina and the prosciutto and mozzarella. The insalatina was very good-very simple, but it was nice to balance the rest of the meal with a simple, green salad.   The prosciutto and mozzarella were very good as well-the mozzarella was so fresh. The prosciutto was a tad salty, but I like my food on the saltier side so I didn't mind. The pizzas I have tried-the Burrata, Diavola, Laura, and Prosciutto Crudo-were all vey good. If you like burrata cheese, the burrata is wonderful. The other three are fairly similar, but with different meats-my favorite of the three is the Diavola. You really can't go wrong with any of the menu options though-I can't wait to try some of the others. The wine here is also very good and reasonably priced. Oh one other thing, my boyfriend and I went here for dessert and a nightcap once and got the nutella pizza which was amazing (and I don't even like chocolate that much). All in all this place is truly great!
9768	231	2014-04-01	I am impressed with this place and I thought I wouldn't be. I'm very picky about my Neapolitan pizzas and this one I can only say is really good. We went on a Saturday afternoon around 1:30ish. Only a few tables were taken. We sat in the front room, which is decent sized, but not large, but there is apparently also a back room/covered porch area. It was a rainy day, so maybe this had to do with a smaller crowd, or maybe it's always like that, I'm not sure. Our server was nice enough and had no complaints there. First, let me talk about the two most important qualities of a Neapolitan pizza because they apply to both of the ones we ordered. 1. Dough/Crust - their dough was fresh, handmade, and mild tasting, making it a great vehicle to feature the rest of the ingredients. The crust was properly done (we asked for it lightly done, otherwise would've probably been a bit too charred), and the shape was executed well. The outside crust was thick and dough and the inside crust was thin, although I will say still thicker than most Neapolitan pizzas. 2. Marinara sauce - this is such an integral part of a great Neapolitan pizza and theirs is a keeper. It's fresh, clean, smooth, and rich. Delicious. Marinara - marinara sauce, basil, oregano, and garlic. Given that this is a no cheese pizza, the sauce is the make or break. This sauce makes it. And they put a fantastic amount. I have gotten Marinara pizzas at other places with insufficient amounts of sauce and you're basically just eating bread that is dry as the sauce keeps it moist and flavorful. Good amount of basil and oregano. Lacking on the garlic and also the minimal garlic on there was oddly chopped. Overall great. Verdure - marinara sauce, mozzarella, eggplant, caramelized onions, mushrooms, basil. We got it with no mushrooms. This is a very hearty pizza and a fantastic option for vegetarians. Toppings are ample, so they aren't skimping. Overall really good, but the biggest problem is that the quality of their mozzarella is not the best. It's slightly rubbery and the taste/texture are not among the best. Nonetheless, pretty good. Would definitely come back to this place, but perhaps try a pizza that features a cheese other than mozzarella. Good find - I'd encourage you to try it.
99752	231	2014-03-29	Best or only brick oven pizza in the neighborhood. Their different style pizzas are delicious and make it hard to choose from. They deliver, very convenient.
38734	231	2014-03-29	Been here many times. Always consistent. great pizza thats perfectly cooked. Reasonably priced and authentic. Im a fan
26680	231	2014-03-03	Had a fantastic dinner here on Saturday night. This place is cute and quaint located right off Atlantic ave. The pizza was definitely not the best I've ever had but it was tasty and boy was it made quick. The staff was friendly and our waiter gave us a really good recommendation for dessert which we all loved (chocolate ice cream with nuttlea spread, topped with espresso YUM!!!)
99753	231	2014-02-25	This place was designed after the definition of wood fired pizza.  Fresh, delicious ingredients.  Lovely wine list with intelligent staff that give great wine references.   You have to try the TARTUFO in hazelnut.  Divine.
4455	231	2014-02-22	Been wanting to go here for a while and had a chance a few months back.  I know, what a backdated review but he's what I Ordered Valdostana tomatoes,mozzarella, fontina, prosciutto di parma, sage Autunno mozzarella, smoked mozzarella, ricotta, brussel sprouts, speck, sage, truffle oil Both were ok when I ate it in house because I found it underseasoned mainly because the ingredients are so fresh that it comes out a bit watery which gives it a diluted taste.  However, I had it the next day and the flavors had a chance to meld....wow, perfectly flavored and great surprise.
44420	231	2014-02-19	Some of the best pizza I've ever had - right up there with Keste and Forcella. I went with my fiance to check out the menu before signing the contract to host our rehearsal dinner here, and I'm SO glad we did. We had the Rughetta salad - fresh, light, and super flavorful. I got the Prosciutto Crudo pizza; husband to be had the Salsiccia. I'd like to say we were not pigs and had left overs - but no. We inhaled every bite of it. Then the owner surprised us and brought us a tiramisu on the house, which was the lightest, creamiest tiramisu I've ever had. I'm now facing the classic condrum upon my return: Stuff my face the way I want to on this pizza from heaven, or fit in the white dress the next day.
2226	231	2014-02-17	All the Yelp reviews for Sottocasa probably raised my expectations a little too high. My experience was just OK, nothing outstanding. My friend and I arrived for dinner without any reservations on a Sunday night at 7pm. The restaurant was full, but we only had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. We were seated at a two-top near the back by the wood burning oven/kitchen. The space is surprisingly modern and starkly decorated with lots of blonde wood. I was hoping for a more cozy experience. And the tables are very close together, so it's not a very intimate setting, either. Our server was fine, but not overly friendly. He didn't do anything to make our meal special...I don't even think he ever smiled at us. But he was professional. We ordered two glasses of prosecco and spilt the 4 Fromaggi white pizza (which neither of us really enjoyed) and the Reginelli red pizza (which we both loved). The pizzas were very fresh, and the dough/crust was authentic...you really need the knife and fork at your setting in order to eat the pizzas. Overall, it was a fine and I'm glad I tried it, but I won't be back anytime soon.
23488	231	2014-02-05	Over 200 reviews can't be wrong.  There isn't much for me to add in praise of Sottocasa, so I won't waste anyone's time.   The pizza here is simply amazing and the staff is incredible and friendly ..... 'nuff said! Highly recommend the Boscaiola pie which consists of tomatoes, mozzarella, hot italian sausage, gorgonzola, mushrooms, basil.     Its sure to be a crowd pleaser.
99754	231	2014-02-05	We stumbled on this place on a Saturday afternoon, and it was really wonderful. the pizza is very good - maybe not the best ever, but still very very good. The Italian microbrew beers were also nice. Most of all, it was just a lovely experience. The staff are great - so friendly and helpful. We brought our 8 month old in, and they were so accommodating, and even came over to talk and play with him. Our waiter even offered to clean a toy that had fallen on the ground! All in all, a nice, laid back and delicious meal!
38881	231	2014-01-20	Wonderful fresh ingredients help to put out the best Neapolitan pizza in the neighborhood.  While the downtown Brooklyn area has become littered with pizza establishments, many fail to standout in some way.  Sottocasa does achieve wonderful pizza, salad, and wine ... what else could you ask for.
99755	231	2014-01-19	Best and most authentic pizza in an area with lots of good pizzeria. Also fine and friendly service.
78953	231	2014-01-04	I took here my italian sister and her boyfriend for a saturday italian meal We took a cured meat and cheese board. The salami was def too dry and too thin. The pecorino toscano was very good and well cut. We also had Parma prosciutto and in my opinion was too salty, and this one also too dry, maybe cause it was near the end or just opened. Then we took 3 pizzas, 2 quattro formaggi and 1 tartufata. The 4formaggi was not cooked enough, def too spongy and i would have appreciated an higher presence of gorgonzola cheese. As dessert we took 3 tiramisù. That tiramisù was AMAAAAZIND, delicious, creamy, we looved them. Our waiter was Luca, a very good looking and charming guy from Gorizia. He was very professional, precise, kind and with a nice smile on. Overall I would suggest this place to spend a nice evening in brooklyn.
4644	231	2013-12-28	Damn. We've walked past this place for quite a while and only recently tried it. A solid pizza joint and welcomed addition to our little universe of neighborhood restaurants. Great chewy crust on these pizzas. Flavorful ingredients. Friendly folks running the place. I've forgotten all about that Lucali place now.
99756	231	2013-12-28	Let me start by saying my parents were born in Italy so I am very critical of Italian restaurants and rarely will go out for pizza, however this is a really cozy place with a very warm atmosphere. Pizza is enough for one so get a few and share some different flavors. The salsiccia (hot Italian sausage) was very good but the tartufata was by far the best pizza on the menu and probably one of the best I have ever had. Please do not forget the Nutella pizza! Very delicious!! Thumbs up for sure!
99757	231	2013-11-17	We went here mainly because we were staying at a hotel nearby and Sottocasa got great reviews, which I can now say it deserves! It's a cute little restaurant with an adorable greenhouse in the back where you can sit outdoors without being totally out in the elements. We were there in November so it was nice to sit outside, but be careful because the greenhouse can get hot! It was still great to be in the sunlight though and to enjoy a nice relaxing lunch. The service was great - all the servers were incredibly personable and very friendly. They were also constantly watching our table to make sure we had everything we needed, but they didn't intrude and kept their space so that they weren't hovering. The food was the best part though - we didn't get much because we weren't that hungry, but our table split the insalatina, which was actually a pretty large portion. We split it between 3 people, which was a bit of a stretch, but there's definitely plenty for 2 people to each have a good size salad. Although simple, the salad was done really well and all the ingredients were fresh, so it was a great refreshing appetizer. We then split the reginella pizza, which is simple as well, but was also impeccably prepared. The crust was a perfect Neapolitan crust, but I liked that Sottocasa didn't skimp on the tomatoes. There was enough tomato "juice" to make for a good sauce, which I sometimes miss in Neapolitan pizza. The buffalo mozzarella was very good, as would be expected, and the basil was the perfect touch of flavor. All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal - it was a great late lunch option on a beautiful November afternoon in Brooklyn! The people and the food made for a great experience.
99758	231	2013-11-08	This is the place to go for great pizza Napoletana.  Being a NY area native that lived for a bit in Italy, I don't say that lightly!  The calzones are also delicious.  We were able to split one large pie and one calzone between three people for an early dinner. You can tell the ingredients are fresh and the service was attentive and prompt.  The atmosphere inside is lovely- very nicely done in a casual way.  Also, there is unlimited iced coffee refills, a rarity in NY!
18147	231	2013-10-28	The best pizza Napoletana I have ever had in 3.5 years of staying in New York. And I have tried lots of such places, being Italian native. Their pizza is amazing, perfect dough and ingredients. Let's not omit the antipasti here: super fresh ricotta (a mirage in New York), cute pottery with all sort of great Italian mixes (like tonno and ceci or arugula salad with artichokes), and number 1 taglieri (Prosciutto di Parma was authentic and the fontina cheese so so good). Service is great and SUPER FAST. They also have a cute outdoor space with lights and plants, heated during winter time. You must try Sottocasa.
2934	231	2013-10-23	Great option. They have a greenhouse out back that is really great - cozy but still refined. The food is pretty good - the pizza list is impressive and the dough is really tasy. The pizza didnt 'wow' us, but it was really good. I got a white truffle on with proscuitto, which was very tasty. Service was alright - but slightly creepy fellow kept ragging on us for not drinking.
5776	231	2013-10-20	Stay away from the Breakfast Club, Brat Pack crowd for brunch, and come here. I did today, and loved the outdoor greenhouse seating, that was sun filled and full of great selections of pizza. We settled on the marinara, without cheese, for 9 bucks.  Big enough for 2 nice slices each, and so very good. Traditional smokey, brick oven taste.  The marinara and garlic were just excellent. Most pies are around 15 with cheese, and the service is excellent and friendly.  Just a really nice vibe going on here.  Small bar at the front. The place on a Sunday afternoon was sparsely populate, but I would consider this any day or night of the week.   Really excellent.  (see pics)
19732	231	2013-10-17	Excellent pizza!!! Great flavors, and made with quality ingredients.  They have a great variety as well, and the people working there are very friendly.  For that area and the quality of the pies, I would say it's very reasonably priced as well.
3518	231	2013-10-16	Perhaps the bar for "artisanal" pizza has been raised so high in Bklyn, USA that I've gotten spoiled rotten?  But Franny's, Dellaroccos, Sam's, Lucalis and many other nearby spots are superior.  With that being the case, why choose 2nd tier?
99759	231	2013-10-05	Solid, authentic, great atmosphere, price was right, service was quick and attentive without hovering. Would recommend it for a simple night out with someone special. And if you speak Italian so does most of the staff.
99760	231	2013-09-29	Travel to Brookly to see my brother, he took me this place and now I'm officially addicted to there taste. I will be back next month for a visit, will be sure stop by here again.
45521	231	2013-09-28	Mi piace!!!  Authentic Neapolitan pizza!  Sure, you can find a lot of places that claim to be authentic Neapolitan, but how many of these places are staffed by Neapolitan people?  The service is quick...  Our pizzas were out in less then 10 minutes from the moment we ordered.  I ordered the "Laura" which was topped with tomatoes, mozzarella, mascarpone,  speck, and rosemary.  Definitely the best Neapolitan pizza I've had. The place is nicely decorated and they have outdoor eating space in the back.  My only complaint is that there was a large group with several small children, and the a**hole parents allowed the kids to run loose like wild animals, screaming and what not, disturbing everyone around.  So other than that group a**holes it was a great experience.  I'll definitely return, but will ask to be seated as far away as possible from small children.
63397	231	2013-09-26	This place is sublime. The pizza is amazing...really similar to Fornino in Williamsburg, in my opinion, with a better outdoor area. Honestly, there's nothing else to say but YOU SHOULD GO. Tonight probably.
78653	231	2013-09-25	Awesome! Neopolitan pizza done right. Rustic spot a few blocks from the Barclays center.  I am so glad we tried this spot last night. We stuck to the pizza and ordered, I think, 5 different pies. All were wonderful. My favorites included "The Laura" (tomatoes, mozz, speck, marscapone and rosemary) and the Salsiccia (tomatoes, mozz, hot sausage and basil). Extremely welcoming place that really made you feel at home. Our waiter Ricardo was top notch and the owner Luca was great. You could really see his passion for making Neopolitan pizza. They are using top notch ingredients and it definitely shows. Great selection of wine and beer. I highly recommend checking this place out. It is about a 10 minute walk from Atlantic Terminal, Barclays Center.
99761	231	2013-09-22	Maybe it was just an off day for their oven, but I've definitely had better pizza elsewhere.  Both the tomatoes/sauce and the crust were lacking flavor.  Pizza was also very soggy as other reviews have mentioned, which overwhelmed the thin crust. The mozzarella cheese was the best part, very tasty.  We also ordered mushrooms as an added topping but they seemed to be added to the pizza as an afterthought, rather than integrated into the pie.  Overall a disappointment given the strength of the reviews.   Service and atmosphere were good though.  If this was just a bad example of their pizza this place is worth going to.
90338	231	2013-09-16	Yum! Great job here Great service and delicious pizza. Definitely a go to in the neighborhood.
43809	231	2013-09-11	Just a few words to say that if you want to come and taste the REAL pizza napoletana this is the place for you: all fresh ingredients with no exception. The Burrata is the best one and not forget to taste the homemade tiramisù! To sit there makes you feel at home and the service is excellent - you will never wait for your pizza even if the restaurant is crowded, everyone is really home welcoming!!
28102	231	2013-09-08	I would give it 4.5 if there was an option, but  short of heading to Bushwick or Carroll Gardens, this is tip top pie.  They have also added an atrium out back for an al fresco experience and probably to service the demand.  The staff is really accommodating with little cheese lovers, just go early or we might beat you to a table.
14069	231	2013-09-05	Was looking for a good local place for pizza and I found it.  The back garden area is quaint and the beer is good.  The pizza is delicious.  My nieces were in town and they enjoyed every bite.  We ordered three different pizzas and finished them all off.  the crust is tasty and the toppings were fresh.  It seems like a nice family/neighborhood place.  I will definitely go back again.
25646	231	2013-09-04	This place has great service, nice atmosphere, affordable prices and fresh ingredients. I came here with two of my friends and between the three of us, we ordered two pizzas. The portion size was perfect for us.  However, the pizza was a bit soggy for my liking. We ordered the verdue which has caramelized onions, eggplant mushroom and basil. The flavoring was phenomenal but it was less phenomenal when it fell all over the place. And yes I know the ingredients to the pizza leads you to believe it would naturally be a wet pizza but if you can't make it while maintaining the integrity of the crust, maybe you shouldn't offer this combo. We also ordered the aglio olio which is a white pizza and simply delightful. The ingredients were fresh and just melted together really well. But we had the same problem with the sogginess. There was actually so much liquid that it started dripping into my hand 0_o. Good flavor but the soggy pizza needs to change. I'm hoping that this was a fluke considering all the wonderful reviews. I'm hoping this will be the first place I update and change my review after another try.
99762	231	2013-09-04	My wife and I hosted our rehearsal dinner here with 30 of our guests over Labor Day weekend, renting out the back patio.  We are long-time customers, and just wanted to thank Luca and his team for giving us such a great night.  Every single guest thought it was up there with the best pizza they had ever had.  We were so happy that they could be a part.  We are always impressed with our meal and their desire to use fresh ingredients.  Their pizza is on par with the highest rated places in the country, and we've been to most of them. If you're looking for pizza packed with sodium and preservatives and thick nasty tomato paste for it to taste good (like some recent reviewers seem to be), then maybe stick to 30 minute or less delivery and your coupons.   But for those of you who understand Neapolitan pizza, along with fresh simplicity, you will love this place!
99763	231	2013-09-01	I've lived in Boerum Hill for almost 6 years and have waited for the arrival of a really good pizza joint. I lived in Italy as a kid so I'm picky about pizza. Theirs is top notch and you don't have to wait for an hour like Lucalia. My only critique is I would like the tomato sauce to be a little thicker and more defined but apart from that, great food, nice people and reasonable prices - the trifecta for a successful restaurant that lasts in NYC
76885	231	2013-08-24	Oh, man does this place suck so much it's unbelievable. My poor date...I took a girl here today for lunch and we ordered a pizza margherita. About 2 minutes later the waiter came back with a pizza. 'Yeah, it only takes 90 seconds,' he said. I'm assuming it's a crust that is somehow pre-baked, upon which they have dumped some of the nastiest, wateriest tomato sauce I have ever seen. It looked like someone had dribbled melted red Popsicle all over the dough. Sick, dude! Then to achieve the 'artisan' pizza look you see in the photos, lumps of cheese are sporadically thrown across the pie. I'm just glad I only wasted $11 on this pizza. Both my date and I were on the verge of sending it back and getting something else, but since the problem was the sauce, we guessed anything else on the menu would be lacking in that department, as well. And I see below that the proprietor of this place has been responding to negative reviews on the sauce from the last month or so...if you read, this, I'm sorry, but the sauce is awful.
99764	231	2013-08-19	I am surprised there are so many mediocre reviews, I have to conclude that the pizza quality varies (which isn't all that surprising, humidity varies a lot in nyc, so practically impossible to have the same quality everyday). We loved it (I consider myself a picky pizza eater with regards to quality, but quite open to different styles), and tried their tiramisu and cappucinno, both great as well (which is rare because I dislike starbucks expresso, and find it hard to find good coffee in nyc). We will probably take italian friends there next time... I wish this were in my neighborhood
20134	231	2013-08-19	Good pizza and worth another visit. Nice atmosphere in the main room - brick walls, low ceiling, wooden beams - and pleasant service. They have outdoor seating in the back but, unfortunately, it is encased in glass and looked a little claustrophobic. I sat at the bar and ordered the sausage pizza. It had a nice chewy crust and a complementary - not overwhelming - amount of mozzarella, sausage and tomato sauce. Its not a crispy pizza and needs to be eaten with a knife and fork but I enjoyed it. The bill for the pizza and a glass of Chardonnay was $21 before tax/tip.
19886	231	2013-08-16	Italian style pizza with a twist - slightly thicker, chewier, but still really tasty crust. The price might be a bit high for the location, but the garden out back is a must and the experience was great. Fast service too!
2067	231	2013-08-12	I went here last night with friends from Italy after walking over the Brooklyn Bridge.  On the way they kept talking about this cheese that's half mozzarella, half butter called burrata.  We arrived and the space is super nice and comfortable.  There's a really nice outdoor seating area that looks like a glass greenhouse, I recommend sitting back there.  I ordered the "burrata" pizza and I understand why they were drooling about it, it is half mozzarella, half butter.  Topped with basil, tomatoes and sea salt, delicious!.  Deserts were also amazing!
37039	231	2013-08-05	As you would expect, the pizza is good. Fast and efficient service. Beer menu is a bit odd. Lots of extremely expensive Italian microbrews. Perhaps a reasonably priced beer would be a good addition.
15592	231	2013-07-30	Decent but underwhelming compared to other pizza places....pricey as well
73379	231	2013-07-21	As authentic of a Neapolitan pizza as you can find outside of Naples. Amazing high-quality ingredients, nice cozy atmosphere, and a friendly, upbeat (Italian) staff. This is the perfect pizza place.
99765	231	2013-07-20	Wow --  I'm thrilled this place is in my neighborhood.  Last night it was humid and 100 degrees outside, and with their 1000 degree oven it wasn't much cooler in the restaurant, but I didn't care.  I almost felt like I was in a steamy spot in Naples eating great pizza. Actually, l've been eating their calzone a lot, which is wonderful.  The crust on the calzone and pizza is perfect, and it seems to be getting better, which is crazy. They have an interesting selection of Italian micro-brews as well, which are a bit pricey but worth it. The staff is super friendly and they speak Italian too.
45748	231	2013-07-14	I'm Italian so I can say that here you can have an authentic Neapolitan style pizza, fresh ingredients, good dough and a nice backyard.
7414	231	2013-07-10	I read some reviews from my yelp friends and had to give this place a try.   A bit torn as to how to rate this place.  I ordered the prosciutto crudo and added spicy salami!  It was awesome, BUT it just needed a kick (hint sottocasa, make spicy oil if it had this oil I would have been in love!) Venue (4/5) casual vibe.  The owner and wait staff are very attentive and the atmosphere feels like a neighborhood favorite.   Service (4/5) attentive and knowledgable on pizza! Food: (3.5/5) a bit bland but the crust was good.
28186	231	2013-07-09	I was excited to finally come for dinner, because I heard the pizza was good.The smell of dough hits you as soon as you enter, which is so inviting. Very cute space and attentive service.We ordered the four cheese pizza and the reginella, which had fresh cherry tomatoes, mozzarella and basil. Both pizzas arrived watery. You would take a slice and find either tomatoey water, or cheesy water on the serving dish. The crust was thin. Also, the choice of gorgonzola in the 4 cheese pizza didn't work for me taste-wise. Place was packed with families and kids at 8pm. It's just a mediocre pizza joint and not a very cool vibe for diners.
1876	231	2013-07-07	Decor:  4/5 -Diana C and I came on a rainy day, luckily there was no wait and a few empty tables -There is a bar with a few seats -Ambiance is slightly dim Service: 5/5 -friendly and patient -we told our server the pizza was bland and not tasty. He offered us to try another pizza but we were full -the chef came over to apologize about the pizza and said it was on the house. Completely unnecessary as I would have paid for the pizza but we ended up tipping the full amount of the pizza Food: 1/5 -Ordered the margherita expecting it to be crispy and flavorful but turns out the dough was soggy, the toppings tasted bland and the sauce was watered down. -Each slice just made us more depressed as this pizza didn't meet the 4.5 star rating. Would I go back? probably not.
2488	231	2013-07-04	Sigh. Paul H and I have been dreading writing this review because we are so torn. We had high hopes for this place based on all the outstanding reviews on yelp. Sad to say, we left very disappointed...maybe it acquires a very specific pizza taste: We ordered the Margherita. The pizza was very very bland - there was little flavor in the sauce. Crust was not crispy nor fluffy. All in all, it was not special. Paul was honest when they asked how our pizza was... And the waiter was nice enough to apologize and offer us a different pie... But we were pretty stuffed by that point so we declined. The chef came over and apologized as well and said the pizza was on him. Even though they didn't give us the check, we paid the same amount in tip anyway... It just didn't feel right! So sad, but don't think I'll be back.
99766	231	2013-07-01	Really enjoyed Sottocasa the several times I've been. There's rarely a long wait -- maybe that's because its a bit hidden (right below street level). Pizza, appetizers were delicious (high quality crust, ingredients) and they had excellent wines.
99767	231	2013-06-29	Fun and engaging staff who are passionate about good food.   The pizza was a standout but everything was great.
5798	231	2013-06-28	This was a delicious alternative when we couldn't fathom waiting 2 hours for seats at Lucali's. It's very family friendly, and the people are upbeat. The margherita was awesome. 2 pizzas for 2 people were just enough to fill us up for the rest of the day. I went again another time; 2 pizzas and a salad were still good enough for 3 not-so-big-eaters. We sat in the covered patio, where it can get stuffy if it's hot and humid.
99768	231	2013-06-23	Fantastic pizza! I haven't been home to NY in a couple years and this was just what I needed! A friend and I split a margarita (of course) and a Radicchio which is drizzled with a balsamic reduction. We devoured them both and our bill was super cheap. So glad we decided to check this place out!
74230	231	2013-06-23	We've ordered delivery from here a few times.  Best brick oven pizza that delivers to our area.  It's a bit pricy, but worth it for better ingredients.
963	231	2013-06-20	I'm not sure I can overstate how amazing this pizza is: thin, chewy crust, just enough to contain the gobs of goodness on top of it... and there are DOZENS of options, but the Laura is my hands down fav with the creamy cheese and prosciutto just salted enough to bring out the tangy bready goodness of the crust... amazing. Good for groups at large wooden tables or for pairs at the bar. Wine list is easily accessible with prices from $30-$100. Help and delightful service is offered from the Italian speaking (and how romantical!) staff. Love this place. It's a new favorite.
99769	231	2013-06-12	This place is my favorite in the whole neighborhood, and that says a lot with places like Lucali, Sam's and Enoteca on Court nearby. The service is great, the diavola pizza is absurdly good, and the price is in-line with what you get for the product. Some interesting, albeit a bit expensive Italian beer options on the menu. My only complaint is that a chunk of the seating is at a big communal table, which can detract from the experience a bit if you're sitting next to a loud group. Otherwise, it's a great atmosphere with a great dinner.
20122	231	2013-06-10	decent pizza, but really nothing special at all.  had high hopes for this bad boy too.   as i try more and more of the "best pizza of NY", just continue to find that nothing ranks up to di fara's.
3235	231	2013-06-10	In the words of Larry David, this place is pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty good. Staff is super friendly. Service is quick, and the pizzas are good. There's also now a semi-enclosed backyard area for dining. What more could you ask for? Loved the focaccia. It was basically a sauceless and topping-less pizza. It was huge, but delicious (no dirty jokes, please). The margherita pizza was also cooked perfectly. Very thin crust and fresh ingredients. Prices are very reasonable, but try to come on an off night because this place gets busy!
12603	231	2013-06-03	This place is simply delightful.  Great service, amazing wine and delicious, hand-crafted pizza made fresh when you order it.  The outdoor garden is a great place to have dinner; I'll be back soon!
99770	231	2013-05-29	Great thin crust. Sat in back patio that was as hot as a greenhouse! Good salads. Somewhat slow service.
80586	231	2013-05-29	The pizza was good, but I didn't find anything too unique or special about it. I might come back, but there are so many other pizza places to try in New York, that I don't see myself craving to come back here. The dough of the pizza was a bit more chewy at the bottom. It was hard to cut, and I think I prefer more crunchy crusts. Maybe it's a preference thing though. Portion-wise, the pizza's are "personal pizzas". But they are huge! I don't know how people would eat one by themselves. I guess if I was super hungry, I might try to. We tried the Nutella pie for dessert and that was interesting .. something I've never had before. It was a dessert pie that was the same size as the regular pizza pie. The Nutella taste was a bit strong, but being a lover of Nutella, it was pretty good. I probably couldn't eat more than one slice of the pizza though. The dough seemed to be made out of the same dough as the savory pizzas ... so that was interesting and added a good balance to the pie.
3526	231	2013-05-21	Sottocasa is a lovely restaurant, mostly because of the friendly, welcoming staff. Seems like a family-owned place. The atmosphere is comfortable & clean, and I've never had to wait for a table. And the food here is good. You can tell the ingredients are fresh and high-quality. My only complaint, and this happened on both times I've visited, is that the pizza is often undercooked (crust/dough isn't quite done enough) and sometimes a little wet. Like the innards of the fresh tomato topping have seeped out onto the pizza, or like the fresh mozzarella wasn't drained/pressed enough. And I don't want to disparage too much because this does indicate quality & freshness and the pizza always TASTES great (trust me, it's never stopped me from eating it), just the texture could use a little work in this area. Maybe just give it a few more minutes in the oven? Press all wetness from ingredients before topping?? Personally I do like my pizza to be crispy so maybe this is just a preference of mine, but if they nailed that then I'd add this to my list of pizza faves along with Lucali and Roberta's (aaand if they added liquor/cocktails). BUT other pluses include a good wine list, and a lovely back garden!
99771	231	2013-05-19	Wow. All I got to say. Best pizza in town!!!
99772	231	2013-05-16	From California. Best Neapolitan pizza I've ever had.
3445	231	2013-05-06	Love this place, it's one of my favorite spot in Brooklyn. A wonderfully cozy place, great atmosphere, the food comes quick and the staff is attentive, considerate and really friendly. Everything on the menu is amazing and the pizza is great and tasty. Calzone is my favorite!
99773	231	2013-04-21	I went to Sottocasa for the first time Friday night.  As with most places in Brooklyn, it is small and somewhat cramped.  But that's Brooklyn. The are many choices of pizza and I found that one is enough for two, especially if you have an appetizer.  Although the pizza was delicious, it was a bit on the cold side and the Gorgonzola was lost with the other ingredients.  The pizza was on the table within 5 minutes of ordering it, making me feel a little rushed.   We were a party of six and were in and out before one hour.  When we arrived we were seated immediately.  We arrived around 6:30-7:00 and by the time we left, there was a wait for a table.   Yes, the pizza was good and I would give it another try.  I would give it a 3.5 but I can't and yet a 3 would be too low for the first time.  Hence, the 4 star rating. .
27062	231	2013-04-09	I came early (5pm opening) and was the only customer on a Tuesday evening trying this place for the first time. I tried the Burgetta Salad and Boscaiola Pizza (one of the most expensive pizzas on the menu).  The salad was average, although there were plenty of artichokes (which  I love). I will probably try a different salad next time. The pizza was delicious but the gorgonzola cheese flavor got lost in the pizza with the intense sausage. Next time I will go more basic. The crust was cooked perfectly and the pizza was extremely flavorful. A bit expensive $30 for just pizza and salad (no drinks).  However, I am glad to have such a great pizza place nearby and will definitely return.  Hard to say if I like the pizza here or at Krescendo better - a toss up.
79904	231	2013-04-01	Yummy, authentic pizza!  I would suggest starting with the focaccia (pizza bread, coarse sea salt, EVOO, rosemary) and prosciutto and mozzarella (comes with a large portion of arugula).  For the pizza, I stuck with the Margherita pizza (tomatoes, mozzarella, basil).  Some may call this boring, but I call it classic!   What I really want to call attention to in this review is the service.  It is obvious that everyone working there has a lot of pride in the food they put out.  Two of the girls in our party were running late, so I ordered two pizzas for them before they arrived.  Unfortunately, getting to the restaurant took them longer than expected, and the pizzas were ready before they arrived.  The pizzas had only been sitting on the table for about 3 minutes when the server came over and said if the girls weren't there in a few minutes, he would make them fresh pizzas.  And he did!  So totally above and beyond, and very much appreciated - Thank you!!
39885	231	2013-03-27	Seriously, I want my money back. The pizza we were served was WARM. Taste like soggy flat bread with WARM cheese and ingredients. Tables were on top of each other. Felt rush.... Honestyly, I had better .99 cents pizza.
99774	231	2013-03-27	Sotto Casa translates from Italian into English as "The House," which is appropriate because I live above it. Lucky me. What can be said about the place that hasn't been already? It's an excellent establishment with excellent food, excellent service and excellent atmosphere, all delivered with impeccable Napoli style (the slim man in spectacles who heads the bar is probably one of the best dressed people I've ever seen). I ate here in the summer with a huge party of about 16 in their backyard. We were a rowdy group with many demands and they served us with perfection. It was one of those rare dining experiences where the service is so seamless, the food is so delicious, the wine so tasty, and the atmosphere so comfortable that you forget where you are, you forget you are in public, that there is in fact a waiter serving you, and you begin to think you're at home in a country kitchen in southern Italy. That's magic and worth every penny (though their prices, for this kind of food, is on the low side compared to similar but not as good spots in Manhattan.) I suppose my only complaint is that they don't operate a full kitchen which means there are so many tasty things they aren't making. Maybe they simply need another location?
99775	231	2013-03-23	Sottocasa is a superb spot for pizza!! My experience was excellent in terms of food, service and atmosphere. But, if I needed any confirmation, there was an Italian couple sitting next to us and looking very satisfied -- always a good sign. The arugula salad was simple and fresh, exactly what you'd need to accompany the heavier flavors of the pizzas. The two pizzas we got were the Marinana and the Quattro Frommagi. Both were complex in their flavors and just right in texture. The tiramisu, finally, was very good -- not out of this world. But, hey, it's a pizza place. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
16278	231	2013-03-20	Wonderful pizza. Delicate and subtle. No huge globs of cheese here. The place is not pretentious ( unlike the next restaurant i am about to review....)  Warm and helpful waiters ready with their recommendations. Very fresh salads and ricotta, almost as good as in Italy.
10441	231	2013-03-17	Every time I visit Sottocasa (3 times now) I love it a little bit more. It's not a flashy place, simple, modern and very, very good. The food is consistently fantastic. There are beers and wines to go with everything. And, the service is really top notch. I also love the versatility of the space. It's cozy in the winter, inside with the pizza oven blazing. The few steps down from Atlantic Avenue make it seem like a warm little cave where you can huddle with friends and hang out for hours. But, in the summer, the amazing garden in the back is the place to be, a little vacation right in the heart of Brooklyn.
3412	231	2013-03-03	Best pizza on Atlantic Ave! The pizza is very similiar to Keste, except the decour is nicer, the wait is shorter (if any at all) and the staff is friendlier. I've heard one of the chefs used to work at Keste, so no wonder everything is delicious without the crazy overcrowded village feel. The wine list is great and they have some cool Italian Beers. I've had their margherita pie which is wonderful. I've also had their Verdure and Quattro Stagioni (without the Italian Ham) and both were mouth watering and delicious. The staff is mostly from Italy and thus treats you as such. They let you sit and linger over wine and never make you feel rushed or like you have to pay and get out asap. One of my favorite Boerum Hill spots.
1766	231	2013-03-02	One of the best pizza places I've been to in NYC. They have a big selection of flatbread pizzas. My friend and I weren't sure how many pizzas to order for the two of us, so we ordered two. (One is enough for two people, though; we had an entire pie leftover, which was great for dinner the next day). We got the prosciutto and  margherita pies, both of which were good.
35149	231	2013-02-26	Sottocasa has a great atmosphere, a great staff, and most importantly, really great pizza. I've been here three or four times now, in both small and big groups, and the food was consistently fabulous. The warm focaccia is fragrant and addictive but if you fill up on it you can't eat other delicious antipasti. I've had the the prosciutto, mozzarella, and arugula salad, and the spinach, ricotta, and almond salad, and both were great: fresh and simple and perfect portion sizes. As for pizzas, I've tried the Diavola (hot soppressata), Salsiccia (Italian sausage), and Verdure (vegetarian), which were all fabulous. One person can eat a while pizza if they're really hungry; I've found that two pizzas were perfect for three people, as long as we also get a couple of shared appetizers. The staff is super-friendly and warm. They remember you if you go back even just a few times. All in all, a solid pizza pick in Boerum Hill.
9661	231	2013-02-26	Sottocasa rocks!   Its a simple, classy, down to earth pizza joint that makes freshly homemade pizza in their coal brick ovens.  As you walk into the restaurant.  You notice with wooden communal tables, seating designed for two and rustic ceiling fan (nice touch).  The atmosphere here is great for talking, having a simple glass of wine and of course having wonderfully made fresh pizza.  The music in the background which is not overpowering, so that way you can have a full length conversation without wounding your vocal cords or hurting your ears. Our waiter was prompt and knowledgeable about the dinner menu and wine list. After hearing all the specials and reviewing the menus, we decided to order the  Reginella pizza: tomatoes, basil, mozzarella.  I want to say it was about 10 inch pizza.  Dude it was delish!  The tomatoes were ripe the mozzarella was fresh only complaint was a bit soggy in the middle.  IT had an understated but refreshing.  The salt content of the pizza was minimal. You don't get that bloated effect that you normally get if you have pizza from chain pizza places.  It was so good we had to have another.   It is great for dates, one-on-one rendezvous, or bring a group of friends!  Enjoy their beers, lovely selection of wine and most of all the kick-a$$ pizzas.  What are you waiting for!!! make reservation and enjoy yourself a an awesome slice of pizza pie.
18394	231	2013-02-22	My favorite pizza place in all of New York City! I tried both the Reginella and Romana, which were both SUPER delicious! Our group got a complimentary nutella pizza, and it was mamma miaa oh-so-good! The service is top notch. Numero 28 used to be my favorite until I found Sottocasa. It's more delicious, cleaner, and even cheaper!
3441	231	2013-02-18	When a place does pizza right, I don't try to over analyze it. I can't go on and on about the puffiness of the crust or the amount of char on the underside of the pizza. I'll leave that to the experts at the pizza blogs. But I've eaten at most of the great pizza places in NY and this one ranks right up there with Keste. The Food The ingredients they use are fresh and many of them come directly from Italy, as we were told by the server. I'm not one for meat on pizzas, so I've had the Quattro Stagioni (w/o ham) and the Verdure. Both are excellent! My friend liked his Salsiccia so much that he actually ordered another one and took half of it home. Our only minor misstep was the Sfiziosa - the anchovies were a bit too salty for our taste. The Rest Nice wine selection, and plenty of Italian beers that I've never seen before. Decor and staff are warm and inviting.
39866	231	2013-02-11	So I came here about a week ago, alone because I was in the mood for something new, didn't want to stay home, and my lame-o friends were all hanging out with their significant others...I'm not bitter at all. It was the best decision I could have possibly made! I was seated at the bar (since I was solo and definitely didn't mind). I had the roasted beet salad to start and it was, well...roasted beets. Lol. That being said, I devoured every single bit of it! I asked the bartender/owner/manager for recommendations on wine with my pizza and they let me sample two different ones so I could choose. I thought that was extremely nice of them (possibly because I've never been somewhere where they serve you a such a generous sample!). I ended up having the Murola Passerina which went deliciously well with... La Diavola!!! The most delicious pizza I had ever had! You will see in my picture that I completely destroyed that pizza. The pizza was slightly charred in the outer edges, with a soft middle (some would say mushy, but I think its just a testament to the yummy ingredients coming together). I wanted to somehow replicate that pizza or marry it so I could make little baby pizzas and somehow devour them every single night. Ok... I think I'll stop this review since its become slightly inappropriate and creepy. Lol. Anyway, come here, have wine and pizza...fall in love!
99776	231	2013-02-08	Margarita pizza was good ($11). Salsiccia is a magarita with sausage ($14) and it enjoyed greatly by my sisters boyfriend.  Tiramisu not slap your mama good ($8).  $15 corking fee is cray cray. Pizza came out fast and we enjoyed it with a bottle of Lambrusco ($35). The space is nice and intimate. Service was snobby and that ruined my experience.  They didn't refill wine glasses or check up on us.
99777	231	2013-02-03	We stumbled upon this place after leaving Krescendo when they said our stroller was a "tripping hazard," so we couldn't bring it into the dining area with us, despite the fact that (1) the restaurant wasn't even half full, (2) there was plenty of room for the stroller, and (3) we couldn't ditch the stroller because our kid was sleeping in it. Sottocasa was a very pleasant surprise.  The waiter was super accommodating and made us feel totally welcome (which we don't always feel with two kids).  He seated us at a great table that was a perfect fit for us and our stroller. He was also very in tune with the kids thing...he brought our 2 year old a plastic cup, only filled it half full with water, and then asked if we wanted him to hold the basil on our pizza.  Overall, we were extremely happy with the service AND the pizza. We had 2 salads and 3 pies.  The salads were great...very flavorful with a lot going on.  The pizzas were solid.  Tons of options.  Great cheese. I wish we lived closer, because we would be there weekly.  Regardless, it's worth the walk from where we live in DUMBO.  A $7 white wine by the glass doesn't hurt either.  :)
74152	231	2013-02-02	I'm a huge pizza snob and have frequented many spots in nyc and am constantly on the hunt for top-quality pies. Yes there are endless amounts of neopolitan pie places to choose from. Sottocasa is my number one go-to right now...for neopolitan style. (Don't get me wrong, i still prefer Di Fara's new york style pizza above all). My favorite pie is the boscaiola since i prefer meat as a topping. The pies are substantially sized compared to other neopolitan joints and the taste is impressive. It's authentic italian from the owners to the customers which is always a plus. Nice cozy environment too as it is situated in the basement of a brownstone very fitting to what sottocasa means in italian.
3511	231	2013-01-23	It's about time I've reviewed Sottocasa as I've been coming here a few times a month since they opened. This is a classic NEOPOLITAN pie and one of the best I've had-- the crust is delicious with a slight char adding a nice layer of texture to the pizza, with a perfect balance of crust, cheese, and sauce. They serve one whole pie which is maybe 12 inches-- I'd suggest ordering 1 pizza per person. Don't try to split it or you might end up going home hungry. Many reviewers complain of soggy/wet but that is typical neopolitan (I'm not sure if it's the heat from the wood oven that causes the sauce and cheese to pool in the center of the pizza, but I've never had neopolitan done any other way).  I personally really enjoy the liquidy/molten center where there's the perfect mix of mozzarella and tomatoes blended into one that leads to a divine flavor explosion-- mm, delish!! At this point, I've eaten my way through the entire menu-- with my favorites being the Classic Margherita, the Laura and the Calzone. They offer delivery, which I was at first skeptical and afraid that the with the heat in a closed box, it would cause the crust to lose its crunch- but it didn't! It also might be due to the fact that I live so close and they only had to walk two blocks to my place but they always deliver within 15-30 minutes? I'm sure if it took longer for delivery, the crust could potentially be compromised. It's not my absolute favorite pizza (Lucalis still holds the #1 spot for me) however it does deserve 5 stars for convenience(you won't have to wait 2+ hours to eat here), close proximity to my apartment, option for delivery, amazing waitstaff, good wine and imported italian beer and lastly, they have a great outdoor space which is perfect for warmer days.
79379	231	2013-01-16	Great, reliable local pizza and salads.  The tuna and chickpea salad is DELICIOUS. Great wine.  I got a bad glass and they replaced it instantly on the house - I was really impressed.  They didn't need to comp my wine!  I'll definitely be back.
87696	231	2013-01-09	First time at Sottocasa last night. This quaint spot is the best place for a salad with the freshest ingredients and homemade pizza. My friend and I sat at the communal table although there were seats available at single tables. I loved the set up. We shared the delicious Rughetta salad ( artichokes, shaved parmesan and lemon evoo) minus the cherry tomatoes. We also ordered the Barbabietole  (beets, apples and whipped goat cheese). Then... we ordered the Verdure pizza which was light, fresh and awesome!! The prices were perfect. I will definitely be back.
99778	231	2013-01-05	Perfect place for a salad, pizza and a glass of Italian wine. Room: small, simple, rustic decor. Food: -salads are big; we got a few for the table and shared them. -pizza was great! The crust was thin and soft towards the middle and chewy-bready at the outside. We had the Margherita, Popeye, and the Quattro Stagioni. Lots of fresh ingredients and the tomato sauce was good. Service: -friendly, attentive + they all spoke Italian. They did not bring the check until we asked for it, so you don't feel like you are being pushed out the door. Wine: Good Italian wines  and the prices were reasonable.
99779	231	2013-01-04	Very small & tight quarters, but cute & calm.  They serve amazing gourmet wood-fired pizzas with some unique combinations of toppings.  We had a white pizza with brussel sprouts & truffle oil and another red sauce-based pizza with hot italian sausage, gorgonzola and mushrooms.
87131	231	2013-01-02	Went here this weekend with 3 friends.  We had the barbabietole and rughetta salads, and the reginella, prosciutto crudo, and boscaiola pizzas.  We loved it all.  The pizza crust was perfectly smoky, thin in the middle and soft and chewy towards the ends.  While everything was amazing, the Boscaiola pizza was my favorite and I'd most likely try different starters next time just to change it up.   Even with all the competition and options in the neighborhood I will definitely be rushing back and happily recommending it to all my friends!
4527	231	2012-12-30	I stopped in here on a Friday night with my husband and a friend at about 9pm.  They sat us right down, outside on the patio and we got to enjoy the weather along with some top notch pizza and nice wine.  We split two pizzas: one with salami and one with prosciutto.  Both were excellent.  A great ration to sauce to cheese to toppings, and a nice crispy crust.  The service was very welcoming and prompt.  A great neighborhood spot that's also worth a special trip out.
55077	231	2012-12-23	OK I have not given a five-star review in a while.  Nothing has really impressed me enough to give one...until our lunch at Sottocasa today.  My son and I went before a Brooklyn Nets game on the recommendation of a friend of a friend.  I am so glad we did. First, the service was warm, personal and spot on.  We started with a terrific antipasto platter of mortadella, prosciutto, salami, wonderfully creamy and flavorful ricotta cheese, and two other cheeses, one of which was a really strong (but good) taleggio and the other more like a provolone, both of which were served as little batons rather than chunks or slices.   So good!  The mortadella was the best by far I have ever had.  The focaccia that accompanied it was a really good folk for the meats and cheeses, and a very generous portion, too. And oh, the pizza!  We ordered the Laura, which has tomatoes, mozzarella, mascarpone cheese, speck and rosemary.  WOW.  This pie blew us away.  The crust was chewy and smoky in the best way.  It held up well to the toppings, which were all first rate on their own and worked beautifully together.  We devoured this pizza happily.  Very artisanal, impressive product! A great experience all in all.  Cannot wait to return to try another of their pizzas!
13712	231	2012-12-20	Umm... did I go to the same Sottocasa as everyone else? I wanted to like this place more... because it's cute and everyone speaks Italian (must be legit, right?).  Wellll the pizza is just okay.  Maybe my expectations were too high?  Maybe my taste buds were not functioning?   I got the Reginella and it was, well, fine.  The Rughetta salad was good.  I actually enjoyed the salad more than the pizza, which is absurd (at least for me).
60126	231	2012-12-11	A top pizza destination.  I ate from here tonight.  I think it is about my 10th time, and I thought it was about time to write a review. Just fantastic place for dine in, carry out and as I discovered tonight...delivery.  I have eaten at all the top rated pizza places and this one should be on the list. Not sure if it is better than DiFara's, old Grimladi's, or Lucali's, but none of the hassle.  It is a busy place, but i haven't had any long waits. It feels like a nice neighborhood place with an outstanding pizza. It is a bit different than Lombardi's or Grimaldi's as it is more doughy.  Not thick.  It is very light and thin, just a little bouncy different.  But really good.  It also makes the Calzone a must try.  Feels like fresh, quality ingredients.  For people who like a crispier crust, they may be disappointed.  But I think they would instead learn a crispy crust isn't all that important!   My favorite pizzas are the Reginella when I am in a light mood and want delicate flavors.  But I love the Salsicca when I want tangy. This is NOT the place you want when you plan to eat as much cheap pizza as possible.
6220	231	2012-12-06	The pizza is amazing! Delicious ingredients, simple and surprising combinations!! Very good
85440	231	2012-12-03	Sottocasa is my favourite place anytime I want to eat a VERY good, well done & never "heavy" Italian pizza! I don't know what's their secret but their pizza is so easy to digest that I could have a dinner there every night (I'm not joking). The Menu is so varied and the ingredients are always fresh - very good wines and beers. Pizza "Laura" is my favourite since the first time I went there :) and the delicious Tiramisu is simply something that you have to try! Everyone is working there is very friendly, professional and pays attention to the customer. It's a good place for a date but for having dinner out with friends as well.
99780	231	2012-12-03	great thin pizza + not cash only! = good go to date spot or nice night out with friends
3498	231	2012-11-29	Mmm... tasty neopolitan pizza made in a wood-burning oven.  Not going to say its anywhere near the best in nyc, but a solid choice.   Space is small, with a bar in the front, long tables running on both sides.  Looks like it would be good for groups or two-somes on a date, although the night we went the lights were very very bright - dim them please.  Bottles seems a little overpriced and the most affordable offerings were in the mid-high $30 range.  Pizzas range from $9-20, averaging around $15. Pizza arrived very quickly - like chinese food take out quick - and had nicely charred crusts with bubbling cheese.  Toppings were a bit sparse, (yes yes even for authentic quality ingredients on neopolitan) but overall authentic, like the staff who all speak Italian.
8863	231	2012-10-27	I never thought a pizza joint could be romantic, but this one is!! The ambiance is great in here, very inviting and cozy.  The staff here is marvellous; everyone from the servers to the cooks/chef who will come out to quality check your meal.   The food is also really nice; the pizza's are inventive, and delicious.  They are different in the sense that you feel they might be quite authentic - some of them don't even have sauce, because authentic pizza doesn't.  I'm a sauce fan and I didn't miss the sauce on my pizza.  You can tell the ingredients are fresh and well selected.  Definitely high quality ingredients here.  We had some salads to start followed by an exquisite pie.  We accompanied our meal with a bottle of Rose; best new food pairing - Rose and pizza!  and ended the meal with a tiramisu which was also really lovely.  All in all a great place to eat... also a great place to get engaged. A huge thanks to the lovely staff!!
99781	231	2012-10-25	Wow where can you find in New York City a pizza with such authentic quality? Where can you find a pizza made with Taleggio cheese that's to die for? This place blew me away. If you haven't tried their pizza you haven't lived.
7411	231	2012-10-23	The pizza alone would earn 4 or 5 stars. 5 for the crisp one. 4 for the soggy one. I've never been to Naples, but I'm told (and believe) that Sottocasa generally does justice to the original. The stars decline a bit for value and no reasonable way to augment the dining experience without having to make a second stop at an ATM. They use top ingredients, so I get that the pies are going to be expensive. Most are in the $16 to $20 range. Each pie is cut into 4 slices. The whole pie appears to be the equivalent of less than 2 slices of 'regular' NY pizza (Thank you to Mr. Berger; my 10th grade geometry teacher) which means that for an average eater, a half pie may not do it. (and to those of you food snobs who are so offended by me daring to compare original Neapolitan pizza to lowly NY pizzeria slices...bite me).   So, I'm OK with the $16 pie...even if it's a $16 pie for each person...it's good stuff. But beyond that, the prices remain stratospheric. I like beer with my pizza (again, the snobs can bite me) and there's one beer on the menu that's $5 or so. The rest are as much as some of the pies. I didn't check the prices, but they seemed to have a nice selection of wine...and I'll bet that the price structure is similar. All that means that If I wanted to come here and really enjoy a meal of a pie and a couple of drinks (and not limit myself due to pricing), I'd have to spend $40 to $60 with tax and tip...and that's a bit high for pizza and beer. Even really good pizza and good beer.   Besides pricing, the hours are OK. The crowd is fine but as one reviewer noted, the place gets kinda Chuck E Cheeseish at dinner time. Normally not a concern for me but at this price level, I don't want to hear Tristan's mom telling him to shush every 2 minutes.
99782	231	2012-10-22	greasy flavorless pizza...it is food though. go to franny's if you want to get good Neapolitan style pizza.
20351	231	2012-10-16	So good.  I work in the area, but never noticed it because they don't open until dinner.  We happen to be here late Sunday and ordered the Pizza, awesome!  I also had the tuna and caper/chick pea app.  Very very good.
76758	231	2012-10-14	Just moved down the street and this is my favorite neighborhood spot by far!  Good atmosphere and great pizza . . . also enjoy the spinach salad.  Only wish that it would stay warm for longer so I could still enjoy the great outdoor seating.
99783	231	2012-10-12	the pizza is amazing! get the appetizer with meat and cheese, it's insane.
99784	231	2012-10-03	Those who spent time in Naples will recognize something familiar at Sottocasa. Their pizza is outstanding and faithful to the original Neapolitan margherita. The personnel is friendly and knowledgeable. This is an authentic Italian restaurant. If you complain about soggy crusts, and the lack of topping options, remember that the burnt quiche with processed cheese that Newyorkers usually venerate as the best pizza in the world is not a pizza.
33839	231	2012-09-30	Three pies, 2 glasses of wine and one imported beer: $100. Anyone else see something wrong here? This is good designer pizza, but I am not hauling ass back here anytime soon.  Granted,  the crust is really good, but so is Grimaldi's.  Give me John's any day.  Even Sosta up the block is better. Had the prosciutto pie which was very poorly executed. The uncut, cold prosciutto slices were draped over the cut pie making eating the individual slices impossible. The Regina was good but mad salty.
10021	231	2012-09-30	yup this place rocks. on my NYC pizza rating meter, i would rate it the best pizza i've had so far...and also extra points for it being walking distance from my house! if you like keste, you will definitely like this place more! generally, i've had very good experiences here with food. there have been a few times when the restaurant has been very busy and the pizza hasn't been 5 stars, however, the quality of the ingredients is fantastic and the service is TOP NOTCH. all of the wait staff and servers are very kind! my favorite pizzas are the laura (with meat) and the verdure (vegetarian). there is usually never a line to be seated (compared with ALL other NYC pizza "institutions") and if you are arriving with a larger group, you can call ahead and let them know since they don't take reservations. for dessert, the tiramisu is highly recommended! i'd give this place an extra half star if i could :P i'll be back for sure since i'm already a regular!
99785	231	2012-09-29	The best pizza in Brooklyn? I think so. Great staff, nice outdoor garden, and the tiramisu is amazing. But the pizza is the reason I come back once a month at least -- delicious ingredients, simple, surprising combinations, a tangy, chewy, charry dough...need I go on?
74342	231	2012-09-15	Easily puts Grimaldi's and Lombardi's to shame. This is the definitive pizza in NYC, but not New York pizza per se... the much purer Italian alternative. Great beer list too!
99786	231	2012-09-13	GREAT Thin Crust freshest ingredients and I don't know why some complain about soggy crust because my Sausicia was crispy where it should be, chewy and smokey where it should be and with big hunks of spicey sausage.  Primetime 8PM, Thursday on a beautiful night, got right in, sat in the back patio and Me and my two buds chowed down and laughed at otthers sharing a pie.  Have your Own!!  It's the ,manly thing to do.  Full but ordered excellent housemade tiramisu...Best I have had..Not too sweet.  Real Men Don't share a dessert...  Hands off mine!!
24669	231	2012-09-12	3.5 This pizza was pretty good I guess. Nothing special about it. Crispy crust. Had a pepperoni and something that I can't remember. If in the area I think I would try something else. If I lived here I'd probably come here a lot and eat in. We had it to go.
56188	231	2012-08-27	Disappointing. Was expected to eat some neapolitan-like pizza. Well, I can see there were intensions to make it like neapolitan pizza, but the result isn't very successful unfortunately. Also the combinations of ingredients in pizzas represent a weird idea of good taste. Overall - it just isn't worth it. Not coming back...
15877	231	2012-08-23	We frequent this place once a week at this point.  Started on a Friday night, and went back that Sunday for brunch!  We started with the foccacia and olives and the arugula salad.  The bread is really special with its soft, doughy center yet crisp outer layer.  With the salt and toasted rosemary sprigs and olive oil, it is scrumptous.   Since our 5 or 6 visits so far, we have tasted many pizzas and all of them have been super tasty.   I couldn't pick a favorite. They always have a special and all the ingredients are super fresh.   We can't seem to get away from the spinaci salad though with it's scoops of creamy ricotta.  The tiramisu is the perfect ending for something a little sweet afterwards.   We love the staff there and the place is very cute also.  Go there.  Do it.
5069	231	2012-08-21	This pizza is fantastic.
27126	231	2012-08-19	Wow. This pizza is amazing. The crust is like biting into heaven - chewy, yet fluffy, yet crunchy - dipped in a little olive oil after you have polished off the rest of your classic Margherita pizza, or sausage pie, or verdure, perhaps - there is almost nothing better. Except the Nutella pie, which makes you feel as if you have actually died and gone to heaven. The ambiance is great for a date, family get-together, or solo night in the neighborhood. Staff is friendly. Selection of imported Italian beers is interesting and tasty. Great place to sit out back at a picnic table and enjoy an all around awesome dining experience. But again, it is the pizza, obviously, that makes this place special - YUM.
99787	231	2012-08-12	This place is overrated. Great ambiance, but pizza is just ok.....I'm from Philly & always complaining I can't get good pizza & wish I lived in NYC. Had very high hopes for this Brooklyn pizza, but i can do just as good in Philly & that's sad....won't be back; much better pizza elsewhere in NY.
3478	231	2012-08-09	Best Neopolitan pizza in the 5 Boroughs.  Yes, after having frequented Sottocasa for about a year now, I can safely say that.  I hold pizza, in particular, to the highest Yelp standard.  That means, the pizza needs to be good, as well as the vibe, service, outdoor space, length of wait, proximity to my apartment, etc.  And for that, Sottocasa just edges out other Neopolitan favorites, like Luna Rossa (which is excellent and under-frequented), Keste, and Don Antonio. The patio is great.  Wine and beer selection are good and not overwhelming.  And I love the salsiccia pizza.
63772	231	2012-08-03	Best pizza alla napoletana in nyc. And I stop here with my review, guaglio'.
56844	231	2012-08-02	Great crust, really friendly staff, and a cool cured meat and cheese platter.  I've gone a few times now and the place has been pretty consistent from time to time.  The have a few interesting selections of beers as well.
58751	231	2012-08-01	I had the verdure pizza, the toppings were great, I liked the crust, and the sauce was good. I did take out, so by the time I got back the cheese was a bit too chewy, and the pizza had quite a bit of grease on it. Nevertheless, the staff was very nice and it is a pretty authentic place. Pricewise it was a little expensive, but it is New York!
15074	231	2012-07-27	This was a great restaurant.  Arriving at 9:15 pm, we were immediately seated as we arrived.  We, being my husband and me, were seated close to the front where we got the great glass window view, so if we felt bored we could realistically people watch.  Unfortunately, it was dark outside, so we focused our attention on the ambience and the meal at our table.   The decor is simple, classy, and semi-rustic.  With wooden communal tables, seating designed for two on the left, it is great for dates, one-on-one rendezvous, or bring a group of friends.  I find that the atmosphere here is great for talking, having a simple glass of wine or sherry, grabbing a beer, and just relaxing.  There is understated music in the background which is not overpowering, so that way you can have a full length conversation without wounding your vocal cords.  I like that.  The inside is filled with air conditioning and fans.  If you look carefully, you will spot a vintage sewing machine, an old fashioned metal fan, and also random baking needs on a shelf opposite the kitchen.  I should also note that there is a backyard which mirrors the exposed brick walls that cover the interior of the establishment. Our waitress came over to take our beverage orders and read us the specials of the day.  I found that she was quite nice and down-to-earth.  After hearing all the specials and reviewing the menus, we decided to order the salad with arugula, parmesan reggiano, artichoke, and tomatoes.  It was a great appetizer.  We finished it five minutes, but with its size, you may take twenty minutes.  The salads come in a huge round glass bowl similar to something out of an art gallery.  Oh, and we probably must have been ravenously hungry.  That might be why we inhaled the salad that quickly. We also ordered the Reginella pizza: tomatoes, basil, mozzarella.  I want to say it was about 10 to 12 inches in diameter.  Man, was it good!  The ripe tomatoes had an understated but refreshing in combination with the homemade mozzarella.  The salt content of the pizza was minimal.  It is not your typical New York pizza place.  It does not bear resemblance to any of the pizza food chains(Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa John's).  It is freshly homemade in their coal brick ovens.  I noticed others saw that it was soggy in the middle.  Being coal brick oven pizza, it can only be cooked a certain amount of time before the crust is completely charred, so if you ask me if it is soggy, then I would tell you that the interior is wet but it does not affect the taste of the pizza.  It's still really good.  I would come back and try some more flavors.  I see on Yelp that the pizza with salciccia was a hit!
99788	231	2012-07-24	Fantastic. Amazing pizzas, great service. Awesome deserts, our 6-year-old loved the lemon sorbet.
99789	231	2012-07-23	Very close to authentic Italian pizza (having had the best in Rome and Brindisi). Great service, good prices for NY. Loved the outdoor space which was surrounded by a growing herb garden. Will definitely go back!
8290	231	2012-07-20	I just don't understand what all the hype is about. Granted, being a resident of New York, I have just as strong of a pizza thesis as anyone else who can or has ever called themselves a "New Yorker." But, that being said, the pizza here is rather antithetical to what I would define as "good pizza." My dining partner and I sampled the "Reginella" and the "Verdure." The toppings were good. The cherry tomatoes on the "Reginella" sung with a lovely condensed sweetness rendered via oven roasting. The vegetables on the "Verdure" were quite good as well.  The main topic where I found the pizza lacking was: the crust. Other reviewers really enjoy the smoky-ness that only a wood fired oven renders. But despite this, the crust did not really have a strong flavor. It was just lacking. And to make matters worse, as other reviewers have noted, it was just plain soggy. I didn't eat the crusts off my pie either, they were just tasteless. That being said, the restaurant has a lovely atmosphere and the staff help to make the experience a transporting one. Sit in the outdoor tables in the back. Look up at the stars, and pretend you're in a backyard pizza garden in Napoli. It's not my kind of pizza, but it may be yours.
4566	231	2012-07-19	Delicious food, honest gourmet preparations. Ambiance is simple cafe style. Didn't give 5 stars as i found it slightly over priced.
2021	231	2012-07-16	I thought the pizza here was good, pretty standard wood fired Napoli style. What I liked was their Diavola Pizza, I love sopressata and olives so I knew I couldn't miss with the toppings I got. The crust had good flavor and overall I really liked the pizza, my only complaint with all these styles of pizzas are when they use the san marzano  tomatoes it always makes the pizza runny, because of the nature of the sauce, hence a droopy slice. I love a crispy slice.
99790	231	2012-07-16	Sotto casa is my new favorite pizza places in the neighborhood.  The staff is nice and accommodating without being overbearing. They seem to want you to enjoy your dining experience while getting everything that you need.  The place always seems to be filled with Italians too which is a good sign to me.  The food is delicious and fresh tasting. I can't go without getting the rosemary focaccia which is essentially pizza dough with rosemary and sea salt on it- so good. The spinach salad is a favorite and any pizza with the hot soppressata.  I am a pizza lover and this place is fantastic!
44505	231	2012-07-09	Top notch pizza and great staff.  The owner comes out to ask about our meal. What more can you want? We ordered the parmigiana and the luca.  I thought both were excellent but I'm partial to red sauce so parmigiana gets my vote. Indoor and outdoor seating available.
3370	231	2012-07-08	We get takeout from here. So there is no being swayed by ambiance or staff kindness. The pizza is fine. It's usually undercooked and the toppings are a bit raw. The dough is too gummy because it hasn't been left in the oven long enough. The artichokes seem canned. The ham is not the highest quality. Not the lowest quality either. It's our go to delivery in the area but far far from the best pizza I have ever had. They are also very small pies. Two people need to order two pies. These reviews in general seem like they would mismanage expectations about the pizza. It's good. Not transcendent. But good.
41768	231	2012-07-04	Nice addition to the hood and pizza was better than average. But not great service, we went on a somewhat crowded night and our waitress had friends at the next table.  We were pretty much ignored which would have been annoying in and of itself, but the fact that our waitress was lavishing attention on the next table was just rude.  I would have liked an explanation of the drink menu since my companion and I were confused by the very expensive beer selection, we were open to trying one of the micro brews but since we got no face time with the staff we just ordered the cheapest option.  The pizza was good. We'll probably return at some point but not high on the list.
99791	231	2012-06-27	I get so freaking excited when something good in the restaurant world happens in the neighborhood.  I'm not sure why we waited so long, but we had dinner last night and I was so happy.  Awesome pizza in the neighborhood?  We thought we had it good but we hadn't a CLUE.   Started off with the tonne e checci (?) a ginormous bowl with a spoon. And you need a spoon to get every bite.   Tart capers, beautiful olive oil.  Yum and yum. Shared a special pizza with italian sausage and rucola and some other stuff.  So little salt which normally would have me cranky as I love salt-- but so tasty and fresh.  I could live in that crust.  Live. In. There. Also some delish funky sardinian red in a sweet and simple atmosphere. They even had italian pop-- which I hate, but I loved it last night.  Made me dream of italy.  And Andrea Bocceli.
6682	231	2012-06-22	it's easy to make a pizza that is better than all that garbage topped with plastic cheese and motor oil that is sold in a triangular shape called a slice, but that's not enough, and there is where sottocasa falls, not enough, flavors were good but the whole thing was so watery that it looked as it rained over the pizza pazza or maybe just a pizza ubriaca. i still miss "una pizza napoletana" in the east village. c'est la vie
99792	231	2012-06-22	Great pizza! Fresh ingredients, and attentive service.  I keep going back! Once you place your order, your pizza is out very fast, but the servers don't rush you out once you're done.  Great local restaurant for date night :)
33127	231	2012-06-21	Sottocasa's pizza is growing on me.  Yesterday, I had one with hot soppressata which was exceptionally good.  And because they use a fearsome wood fire, the pizza rolls out in about 3 minutes, so it's good for a quick weekday meal. I wish the inside was more spacious, but that's not really their fault.
3815	231	2012-06-20	Great pizza made by a group of Italian owners from different regions of Italy.
966	231	2012-06-10	I have to admit, this is some pretty good pizza.  I wasn't sure about this place the first time I went in here.  The staff seemed a bit snooty, so that put me off, but the food was so good as was the setting, so I went back again and it was okay.  So not sure what the attitude was about the first time.  Good for groups, great outdoor seating, and great pizza.
99793	231	2012-06-06	We loved this place! Pizza is absolutely divine and delicious, I dream about the day we return to sample this delight! It is totally worth the wait and highly recommend to anyone who is visiting NYC and wants to venture somewhere. We ordered salad and two separate pizzas - it is quite tight, can be a bit awkward if you're wedged between two couples on their first date.
99794	231	2012-06-04	My husband and I had dinner here a few days ago and it was heavenly! The host at the door was super nice, giving us a choice of whatever tables were open (which weren't many on a Saturday afternoon). The pizza was amazing. I usually don't like pizza crust but the crust was just so fresh and delicious. The crust tasted like freshly baked french baguette. The service and atmosphere were great as well. The server was fast, but we didn't feel rushed. The atmosphere was energetic with a lot of young couples and families.
99795	231	2012-06-02	This may be the best Pizza in New York City. Definitely one of Brooklyn's best kept secrets. It is definitely better than the more "well-known" hot-spots such as motorino and roberta's. The pizza's are in true Neapolitan style with just a few incredibly high-quality ingredients. Their wood-fired oven operates at 1000° F, and cooks pizzas in about a minute. This gives them that great slightly charred and bubbly crust. You can't go wrong with the Salsiccia (sausage). They also have fantastic Italian micro-brews. They only other place I've seen their kind of selection is at BierKraft (retail only). Their wine list is also fantastic, giving diners a nice selection of reasonably priced very solid Italian wines. Don't miss the Tocai from Angoris. The people who run it are Italian (from the north I believe). Always a good place to brush up on my Italian banter.
99796	231	2012-06-01	Best pizza i have had in a long time. The ingredients are all fresh and the wooden oven makes the crust just perfect. Keep it up!
9606	231	2012-06-01	The rating is for the P-I-Z-Z-A not the ambiance or the appetizers, or the service like other reviews I've read.  I had high hopes because of the all "fantastic "reviews by my fellow Yelpers but after last night's dinner....not so much!  I felt duped by many of the great ratings either because a) you dont know what good pizza is or b) you overall rating was clouded by the service, the appetizers and the outdoor space!  Never again will I just read the great reviews and ignore the negative ones.   Review of the pizza, we had the Proscuitto Credo (about 4 slices).  It was SOGGY, the dough was char and lacked any structure.   There was no "crunch", and for some reason the proscuitto (which was plentiful) was top of the basil.....HUH?!?  The water from the basil probably made the pizza soggy!  Like any good sandwich, its all about the bread and SottoCasa failed terribly!  I am sorry, but will not return.
1278	231	2012-05-16	This is a challenging review to write because the person who sent me told me it would be the best pizza in the city, I may have gone in with my expectations set too high. Oh, that person is only in sixth grade but he is from Italy! :-) The restaurant is very nicely decorated with a backyard - always an added plus - and one of the most friendly wait staffs around. Also one of the owners are usually (if not always) working at the restaurant which ensures high quality in every area. The menu is basically pizza which is not a bad thing but it would be nice to add a few other options. We began with a Rughetta (arugula) salad which was plentiful and then split a Margherita pizza because we could not agree on what toppings to add (and the restaurant won't make a pizza with 1/2 orders of two different toppings). After dinner we were split on the quality of the pizza. I liked the crust but my companion was not overly impressed. The pizza itself was made from fresh ingredients but was almost too light beause we both left hungry! I would give Sottocasa 4 stars but my companion whose opinion I do take into consideration to make my reviews a bit more balanced, felt no higher than a 3...thus 3.5 with a recommendation that if you are looking for authentic Neopolitan pizza in a nicely decorated restaurant with great service, give Scottocasa a try!
1226	231	2012-05-10	Can't wait to come back and have been dreaming about their stellar food and warm, rustic space since my visit last month. My party of four shared the spinach salad, tagliere of the day and 3 delicious pizzas. Perfect for a group dinner, date or a solo meal - they'll treat you like famiglia no matter what.
73882	231	2012-05-04	The pizza was great. The staff was very nice but not super attentive. In all fairness I  came here with a large group on a busy night. Everything was great except we did have to keep stopping the waiter to ask for things. They could have definitely benefited from having another waiter working. They forgot to bring us the second to bottle of wine we ordered. It wasn't a big issue just something to note. I had a great meal and enjoyable evening otherwise. If you aren't going to be a high maintenance group I think you wouldn't have any problems.
80326	231	2012-05-04	Truly one of the finest examples of Neapolitan pizza in the whole city. The outdoor area is a serene hangout away from noisy Atlantic ave. The Romana pizza is a promise of all that is good at Sottocasa.
99797	231	2012-04-27	Great pizza place! This place has a very warm and romantic ambiance.The tables are set up in a way where everyone is kind of sitting together as all the tables are side by side. There's even a real live oven with a fire in the back! Started with the Spinaci, which was very fresh, then we each got a personal pizza. I got the Margherita and had a taste of the Diavola. It was so fresh and soft, yummy! The pizzas are quite large (I ate half and took the rest to go). The orange sorbet was served in a frozen orange! Very cute and delicious place.
3442	231	2012-04-20	Slight Char with Fresh toppings On bigger than Most Neapolitan. So delicious.
99798	231	2012-04-20	I would have been so happy if this place lived up to our expectations, because the staff is terrific and the location is convenient, but our disappointment essentially came down to this: how in the world can pizzas made in a 1000-degree, wood-burning oven manage to come out soggy?  It's counter-intuitive, but both of our pizzas came that way.  Add that to a disastrous eggplant appetizer (wet, undercooked eggplant topped with our first soggy crust of the night) and you have an experience that, sadly, left us thoroughly unsatisfied.
20385	231	2012-04-18	The pizza here is amazing--especially the crust which comes out crispy and hot. The service is fast and friendly and they h ave a good wine selection.
99799	231	2012-04-10	I am so glad Sotto Casa is in my neighborhood.  Our family has been eating pizza here since the first week they opened, and we are still fans (although now we get the pizza delivered because they are so crowded).  Fresh ingredients, chewy crust (charred just right), and a wonderful staff.  I used to go all the way to Roberta's for pizza, but now I don't have to.  When I ask my three year old if he wants pizza, he says "Sotto Casa!"
1258	231	2012-04-08	I came here on a Friday night, the moment you walk in, you can't help but notice the warm and inviting ambiance. The servers were just as warm and friendly as the environment. We each ordered a personal pizza, I got the Capricciosa. The flavours blended together nicely, but it was a little more subtle than I would have preferred. The pizzas are thin crust and as much as I love thin crust pizza, I thought the crust might have been a little too thin to my liking (at least at the centre of the pizza). I'd come back if I were in neighbourhood, but I don't know if I'd make a special trip to come here. Though the outdoor patio that people speak of makes it more tempting to do so.
3324	231	2012-04-07	3.5 stars... SottoCasa is a romantic little pizzeria that's very easily missed unless you're looking for it. They're located on Atlantic, steps away from Smith and steps below the sidewalk level. In addition to their indoor seating they also have a large back patio but unfortunately it was too cold outside when I was here. Their hours are pretty selective so make sure to check if they're open before coming, especially if it's for lunch. The pizzas are large individual sized and mostly run $11-16 each. I got the Salsiccia (hot italian sausage and basil), and my girlfriend got the Prosciutto Crudo (proscutto and basil). The freshness of the flavors was really apparent and everything had great flavor to it. Unfortunately they skimped a bit on the basil on both but the amount of meat was great. My only really issue is that their pizzas are limp and impossible to eat without literally folding it or eating it with silverware. I once saw Anthony Bourdain on TV eat pizza at a very traditional place in Naples Italy which was just like this so I don't question the pizza's authenticity. I do however believe that a thin crust pizza, especially in a nice pizzeria in NYC that uses a brick oven, should come out crispy with a little char where the ingredients don't slip right off the slices. It's for that reason alone that I wouldn't put this on my short list of places to come back to for pizza. Don't get me wrong though, the service and hospitality was great, and the flavors were wonderful. It's a nice place but it's just a little lacking behind places like Lucali (1 stop away).
74177	231	2012-03-29	A wonderful new restaurant addition for Brooklyn.  We have eaten at many of the highly rated Neopolitan pizza restaurants in Manhattan & Brooklyn and this rates up there with the best.   We have gone four times now within the past two months and have never been disappointed.  On our separate visits we have ordered the Margherita, Quattro Stagione,the Laura and the Parmigiana pizzas for our table, in addition to their salads With regards to the main attraction, i.e., the pizzas, they are the real deal.  All the ingredients are fresh, the crust is fantastic, it is cooked to perfection.  The aroma of the hot pizza itself when it is delivered to the table straight from the oven is fabulous.   So, yes, I love this place.  The atmosphere is wonderful, the decor is tasteful with whimsical touches.  The service is friendly, welcoming and just delightful.   One reviewer posted that the restaurant is in the basement.  The restaurant is actually in the garden level of a brownstone, and they use the back garden for seasonal outdoor seating . We will definitely keep going back.
76470	231	2012-03-27	There was a wait to get a table for 4 on a Tues at 7:30 pm, so the secret is out!  I think it rivals Motorino, but a lot less heavy on the sauces / cheese.  The crust is fantastic, the atmosphere is great.  Only complaint may be that we sort of lost our waitress after she took the order, but the rest of the service was great and the pizzas came out super fast.  We also got the focaccia / olive plate, which was tasty, but next time I would go for another pizza instead - it's basically the same as the pizza dough.  Definitely will be back.
67562	231	2012-03-25	Comfortable, new space that has  a back yard for warmer days managed by a very friendly and welcoming italian crew.  Went there last night had a bottle of Pinot  Nero, arugula salad and 2 pizzas: Regginella and Diavola. The salad was plenty for 2. It was simple and fresh. We ate it all except artichoke pieces which  where non-chewable.   Both pizzas tasted like good quality regular  European Italian style pizza. We enjoyed both of them. The wine tasted soft and velvety and went well with our food. Stuffed at the end we still had some good expresso and frozen orange sorbet which was a nice, refreshing ending to our meal. Although it was busy, slightly stuffy and noisy at the end we had great time, felt comfortable sitting, good food and received good hospitality from the restaurant staff on a busy Saturday night. We will come back here anytime. PS I could never compare Sottocasa to Paly G's. Sottocasa's pizza looks and taste like a real italian pizza to me. Pauly G's pizza (again to me I respect all of the the opinions) is not pizza but some kind of middle eastern lavash or indian naan bread although they bake it in their fancy, special  brick oven.
5040	231	2012-03-20	**Before VEGAN pledge** Ever since this place opened, I have been curious about their pizza and well you know what they say. Curiosity killed the cat. Ahem. Cats also have nine lives. We came here for dinner on a Saturday night at 8pm. It was pretty empty when I met my friend here, but it quickly filled up. By 8:30pm, they had to turn away a party of 8. It is in the basement of the building and the interior is rustic and feels relaxed. Communal wood tables and candles make it a nice romantic spot. We took a quick glance at the wine list but we weren't interested in any of the wines by the glass. Instead, we opted for a bottle of Sardinian Cannonau ($40). It was dry, light with a slight bitter aftertaste. It went well with our meal. We started off with a very simple salad.  The INSALATINA ($7) cleansed the palate and was refreshing starter. Fresh and what you would expect. We shared a REGGINELLA ($15) which consisted of cherry tomatoes, fresh buffalo mozzarella, and basil. I did not like this pizza one bit. The pizza arrived and from the looks of it, I could tell it was going to be a SOGGY affair. And indeed it was. It was so wet in the center, that I had no choice but to use my fork and knife to eat the pizza. Also, the crust was just plain bland. Nothing unique, nothing exciting. I'm sorry, but this place just doesn't cut it. I have yet been to a place that can make a pizza quite like Paulie Gee's. Also, the desserts are overpriced. I am just not going to pay $8.50 for a slice of tiramisu (which I despise). Funny thing is that we spent more money on alcohol than we did on food, but probably in a place like this, rightfully so. It does have a nice ambience and they let us sip our wine and take our time with it, so that's a PLUS. Won't be coming back, but glad to have tried it...
13635	231	2012-03-19	Sottocasa is tucked away on Atlantic Avenue and easy to miss, but worth checking out.  The pizza is some of the best I have had in NYC/ Brooklyn.  It is Italian style and there is a wide variety of options to choose from.  We enjoyed the Rughetta salad to start which was $8 and definitely big enough to split between two people to start the meal.  The salad was a simple bowl of fresh arugula tossed with lemon juice and olive oil, and garnished with cheese, artichoke, and cherry tomatoes.  We chose the Diavola pizza ($13) and Popeye pizza ($14) and were more than satisfied with both.  The Diavola is great for meat lovers, and the Popeye is ideal for a veggie option.
28112	231	2012-03-19	Thank God, finally a great pizza place close to my apartment AND it has a sick backyard for warmer weather!  I've never had a pizza as tasty and delicious as the Neopolitan pie with capers...it was so good I wanted to order a second one, but was stuffed.  Great artisenal Italian beers on the menu in this place too - love it!
7223	231	2012-03-19	I wasn't in the best mood before coming here and this place didn't really make it any better. Maybe I was expecting more due to the amazing Yelp reviews. Cute atmosphere, nice service, good wine and fresh ingredients but overall, the food was uninspiring.
74241	231	2012-03-18	Great pizzas.  Great service.   Great wine.   Great atmosphere.
28167	231	2012-03-14	Pretty soggy pizza. So so. Not bad, but then when is pizza?
5876	231	2012-03-07	The tomato, mozzarella, Italian sausage and basil pizza was quite superb. Very very friendly service and quite quick. Not sure about the reviews of soggy crust on here, our pizza was perfect and toasty! The pizza here is definitely special and should be on any New Yorker's pizza list!
99800	231	2012-02-21	Delicious and authentic Neapolitan pizza and very friendly staff. Well worth the trip from Manhattan.
37149	231	2012-02-19	really nice people, great pizza, crust was a little too wet in the middle and dry on the edges
79763	231	2012-02-17	Service, fine; no wait at 8:00PM on a Friday, big plus.  Ingredients, great. Crust -- soggy!  I ordered the Diavola and when it arrived, there was a puddle of liquid slopping across the top of it.  It soaked into the pizza and sogged up the middle 40% of the pizza. Yeah yeah, it's Neapolitan -- Roberta's, the darling of the NYTimes and all foodies, has the same problem of soggy crust.  I get it.  The mozza is fresh.  The tomatoes are for real.  Still, I want to be able to pick up my pizza and eat it.  Wet crust, big no. (Hubby got the $20 special truffle pizza with prosciutto crudo -- less soggy.) But as I said, the ingredients are terrific, and the ambiance is fine.  Just be prepped for soggy crust.
11040	231	2012-02-15	Went here for valentines day and thought it was a solid joint. The main waiter is very Italian and very friendly. The ambience is fine, the tables for two are just a little bit too close together though. Complimentary champagne was awesome. The pizza is very good but not spectacular. Nowhere near Lucali in taste or quality but then again, what is? I loved the charred chewy crust but thought the sauce made the interior too soggy. The verdure specialty pizza was just ok, but the Laura with speck and rosemary was very good. Overall a great experience and a good option for pizza in the area.
99801	231	2012-01-30	The pizza here is exceptionally wonderful and my latest *favorite* neighborhood restaurant. My picky 2 year old will not eat any other pizza except for here (and one another artisan pizzeria restaurant that I won't name here). It's so awesome to have the pizza chef come over to our table from behind the kitchen to ask if everything is ok. I've already been here several times and the pizza is consistently great no matter what I've ordered. Save room for the Nutella Pizza for dessert! The service is right on as well. Definitely Recommended!
99802	231	2012-01-27	Delicious pizza with a Charred Burnt Crust and red wine on the side!   I call that a great night!
22099	231	2012-01-12	We were looking for somewhere kids friendly w/ quick service at 8:30PM and found the perfect place! The reviews on yelp helped make our decision fast but it's true. The pizzas were amazing, we had Popeye and margherita. Very friendly staff as well as environment. We loved every bit of it.
99803	231	2012-01-12	Went here for the first time last night. Though we waited 70-75 minutes for a table after being quoted a 20-25 minute wait, I think it was worth it. (it was Saturday night!) We were sent some complimentary apps and washed them down with one of their many Italian beers. They have many pizza choices and the four we sampled were all delicious. The decor is simple with a nice bit of charm. They have a back patio for the warmer months, which I can't wait to enjoy. This place is a nice option to Lucali, albeit a slightly different style. I'll be back soon to try the other anchovy pie!
99804	231	2012-01-11	As a morbidly obese american, and I was disgusted by the fact that this pizza would struggle to feed a family of 50 somalians. When I order a pizza, I want it to be so large that I am not hungry for at least 20 minutes. I'm on a diet, and my new goal is to eat only 3 tubs of icecream a day, which means I've got to find food that stops my hunger cravings for longer periods. My asian girlfriend, whose name I cannot quite pronounce, rubbed her petite tummy and nodded her smiling head many times whilst eating the small potion she stole when I was busy wiping my pre-eat sweat from my face, so I think she really liked it. In short, if you have refined, cultured taste and curiously don't eat like a Real American, go here. If you want a place where you can chow down like a chow hound in chow town, chow elsewhere.
99805	231	2012-01-08	I've had the pleasure to eat at Sottocass 6 times now, and the food has been consistently amazing, the entire staff consistently warm and welcoming.  The open pizza kitchen is a show unto itself, and the pizza chefs' obvious passion for their craft is evident when you take your first bite.   Significant update: they now serve wine and beer.  I haven't paid much attention to the beer selection, but the wine list appears to be thoughtfully selected and reasonably priced.   But most of all, the pies are just so damn good.  I can hardly believe my luck to have this place just around the corner.  It was a natural choice for my birthday dinner (the day after Thanksgiving).  Everyone in our 12-person group left as smitten as I am every time I go there.   They also deliver, but if you have the time, it's really worth it to sit down in the cozy dining room and let yourself be doted upon by the genial Italian staff.   On our last visit this past weekend, for the first time, there was a brief (10 minutes?) wait for a table.  This is not even a complaint, however.  First of all, it's amazing the wait wasn't longer, and the minutes passed quickly while we enjoyed a glass of prosecco at the bar.
10418	231	2012-01-06	Took the in-laws here last night and we happily DEVOURED our pizzas. Also added salads to the mix (spinach for us, green for them) and found them a perfect way to start the meal. Business is definitely picking up & can mean a wait for a table, which just means that I'm even more thrilled that they deliver to our (shamefully) close by apartment.
3107	231	2012-01-03	Now that I've been back in NYC for 2 years, I am slowly but surely letting go of my aversion to pizza. While it's not normally a first choice for me, I'll happily accompany friends if that's what they'd like to check out a place that serves Neapolitan pies.   Sottocasa is a relatively new addition to this neighborhood and is located central to a few trains, hence it making a great meeting point for a quick NYE dinner before heading separate ways.  We were seated once our party was complete and the service was super speedy for the rest of the evening.   Our order consisted of: - Salsiccia: tomato, mozzarella, hot Italian sausage, basil - Daily Special: white pizza with mushroom, truffle, mozzarella, and prosciutto - Bottle of Prosecco Both pizzas were awesome, though I'd recommend one with tomato sauce as it's killer. It was definitely too much food for two people. Next time I'd share a pie and place an order for a salad or something to start.  For too much food and too much sparkling beverage, our bill came in at $75...Not terrible considering the excess we ordered could have fed 3 or even 4 people.   What makes Sottocasa special is the quality of the ingredients...high quality, incredibly fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, vegetables, and meats. And I'd pay plenty of extra money for the incremental goodness of the food any day.
5558	231	2012-01-03	went back again this weekend.. The Laura pie is a thing of beauty.. Friendly service, they now have beer and wine.. The beer is interesting as it's all this crafted beer from Italy.. And while I love the idea and respect it, let's have some offerings that are not 15 bucks for a pint.  There is one 6 dollar offering which is nice but, they did not have any light beer, not even a crappy Peroni. Calzones remain delicious.
1077	231	2012-01-01	if there was an option to do half stars, I'd do 4 1/2... we had the Regginella, but we preferred the Popeye. the perfect start to a new year.
99806	231	2011-12-28	Best Pizza in BoCoCa and they deliver- fast! Ordered two pizzas and got them within 10minutes. They are extremely friendly and the ingredients are really fresh. Finally! Will order from them always.
99807	231	2011-12-28	The one time I was here I unfortunately was in a rush, but what I can say is that the Pizza with Prosciutto was excellent. They have a selection of italian craft beers including some larger format Baladins and others, which is great. They have an exposed hot water pipe in the bathroom with a clear sign warning that the pipe is hot. Upon not heeding that warning I was underwhelmed by the temperature of the pipe - minus .5 stars.
38857	231	2011-12-28	We just finished dinner here. Fabulous, authentic Italian pizza. Lovely service. Warm, cozy atmosphere. So happy to finally have great pizza in the neighborhood!!!
29250	231	2011-12-27	Delicious "neighborhood" pizza in Brooklyn that would be the best artisan pizza in town in any other city in the U.S.
66772	231	2011-12-23	FINALLY! A Napoletana worth writing about!  Absolutely delicious, the dough is amazing!  Perfectly charred crust, truly fresh ingredients, simple and wonderful.  I ordered over the phone and the pie arrived within 10 minutes.  Reminds me of Motorino (Brooklyn location closed) and Grimaldi's (near the Brooklyn Bridge).  This is definitely my new neighborhood go-to.
18658	231	2011-12-19	First time visiting NY and we had to have pizza. However, we pride ourselves in finding the smaller places the hotels don't tell you about and found ourselves at Sottocasa, a mere 5 minute walk from the hotel. The atmosphere is comfortable like a warm sweater knitted by your favorite Aunt. It's small but not crowded, dim but not dark. A place you want to stay a bit. The food...I'm having trouble coming up with an adequate word, but Thesaurus.com gives me "Miraculous" when I type "remarkable" so I'll go with that. The food is miraculous. I got a salad to start with artichoke hearts, arugula and tomatoes with a lemon/olive oil dressing that gave the fresh greens and even fresher taste. It really complemented the pizza and upgraded my meal to "healthy" in my book. The pizza we split (they may tell you its a personal pie however it was perfect for two) was the Prosciutto Crudo; tomatoes, mozzarella, prosciutto di parma and basil. I swear its like it melted in my mouth. It was so yummy in my tummy. I'd like to try their other pies and it's worth a plane ticket to do so. Only reason it's 4 and not 5 is because I've only been once and I wish they had more beer choices, very very minor thing since next time I plan to try the wine.
99808	231	2011-12-16	What a lovely little place near the corner of Atlantic Ave. and Smith St. I went there with my girlfriend after walking by it one night, noting its name, and searching it online. It was very no frills, and I wasn't even sure if it was open for business yet. We were excited at the idea of a new pizza place in the area, because pizza's one of those things we're pretty sure is about as necessary as, I don't know. Pants? Anyway, when we first went, they hadn't had their liquor license yet (more on that in a second), but they were ready to serve their awesome custom pizzas. And awesome doesn't even begin to cover it. Their Regginella pizza, with its fresh cut tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella, was a delight, and the Popeye (with ricotta) was outstanding. So far, so good. We went back there last night after having difficulty figuring out what we wanted for dinner. Pizza, as should be the case with everybody, is the default choice when undecided on dinner, and Sottocasa delivered again. The foccacia bread was tasty, if not slightly too salty, and the Regginella tasted even better than on our first visit. She had a glass of white wine and I had their Italian lager, Menabrea, and both were delicious. But forget all that, because tiramisu. I don't know what I did to deserve discovering something so delicious, but remind me to keep doing it, because it was incredible. When you go, I highly recommend the two pizzas I mentioned, but you should not be allowed to leave unless you have the tiramisu. It is so $&#)ing good. Seriously. I wish I had some right now. I'd bathe in it. I'll stop now. None of this is even to mention the atmosphere, which is just so very laid back and pleasant. It's just an overall very nice place. GO HERE.
99809	231	2011-12-13	I went here with a rather large group and had a great time. The candle-lit atmosphere and rustic decor is charming. The true Neopolitan-style pizzas, cooked in a mere "90 seconds," were fragrant and delicious. The dough is flavorful and quite pillowy (like biting into a cloud) but also has a nice char on the outside. The mozzarella was definitely high quality and the sauce was quite zesty (definitely of the San Marzano varietal). With that said, if I went there again I might ask for the pizzas to be cooked another 15-20 seconds (to get the cheese to bubble and get more char in that crust), but that is splitting hairs. Their oven may just need some time to break in-haha.  We also had the cheese/salumni plate (great-even comes with rosemary pizza bread) tiramisu (superb!) and even their espresso was remarkably good. Wines also outstanding. Only thing that did nothing for me was the tuna/chickpea appetizer, which  was kind of "meh". I'm not sure if their pizzas beat neighboring-ish Lucali (can't beat the quality of their cheese!) but it is really great and a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.
99810	231	2011-12-04	Last night was my first trip to Sottocasa and I'm already thinking about what to get the next time I go... Let me just get this out of the way. I. LOVE. PIZZA. I love trying different kinds and new places. I could easily eat it everyday and the pizza at Sottocasa is no exception. The crust is thin yet chewy and has that perfect char that comes from a serious oven. The ingredients are fresh and compliment each other perfectly. I loved their sauce, light and slightly sweet. I had the "Laura" and it was so good- fresh mozzerella, speck (the new love of my life), mascarpone and rosemary. I had a bite of my friend's pizza, which was one of the specials and I immediately had to try it at the mention of the magic word: "truffles". We split a great Italian IPA and I'm interested in trying some of their other specially chosen beers and wines. Although we were absolutely stuffed, we could not turn down the refreshing orange sorbet that was served in a hollowed out, frozen orange. Sottocasa has turned pizza into the ultimate comfort food and it is only further enhanced by the cozy, inviting decor and atmosphere. White exposed brick, hardwood floors, flickering candlelight and an eclectic ensemble of chairs creates a warm space that you are reluctant to leave. From the looks of the other patrons, this has quickly become a neighborhood favorite drawing families, couples, and friends. The staff is on point, making sure everyone is taken care of at all times. It's definitely a team effort at Sottocasa and it shows. Grazie per una grande notte!
99811	231	2011-12-02	A taste of Italy with friendly atmosphere.Great place to go with a group and wonderful service. Loved the nutella desert!
99812	231	2011-12-02	My dinner companion and I could hardly talk to one another we were so ravenously devouring our pizza - the special: brussel sprouts, smoked mozzarella, gorgonzola, ricotta with a bit of truffle oil...the crust was perfectly cooked with a hint of the open fire. It was unbelievably good. The arugula salad we set the tone - fresh, flavorful and delicious. We can't wait to go back.
99813	231	2011-11-23	Really good pizza and fresh ingredients and pairings but waaaaayyy took over priced for the size which is an 11" inch pie ( we measured it).
99814	231	2011-11-23	REAL Neapolitan style pizza!  There are lots of pretenders out there, but this is the real deal.  The wood burning oven really makes a difference and I was surprised when I was told that it was imported from Italy - talk about genuine.  One bite and it was easy to tell that the ingredients are fresh and homemade.  What a find!
20223	231	2011-11-21	Good pizza and nice atmosphere (at least on a Sunday night) . . . I didn't see swarms of kids so I may have just been there on a good night, but the ambiance was actually very inviting and, as others have noted, the service was great.   But anyway, the most important part is the food, which was very good across the board.  The spinach salad with super-fresh ricotta cheese, toasted almonds and rasins was great.  The pizza was very good - very fresh ingredients, very good crust.  The dessert (we had the tiramisu) was a perfect top off.   I'm sure it will be even better once they get their liquor license.
96780	231	2011-11-18	Gonna keep this short and sweet. When I first saw the Yelp reviews, I thought they were fake. They are not. This is the most amazing pizza, EVER.
42710	231	2011-11-16	I'm a bit of a pizza dork and have a list of pizzerias at least 10 deep for my visits to NYC. Sottocasa was a late addition to my list but considering the proximity to my friends' apartment, it was the perfect way to start my NYC eating adventures. We ordered the Diavola (tomatoes, mozzarella, hot soppressata, black olives and basil) and really enjoyed it. The crust was puffy and charred but not burnt and the ingredients really came together nicely. And at $13 the pie seemed like a bargain. At the time of our visit they didn't have their liquor license yet so no wine or beer to go along with our pizza which was a slight disappointment. But with pizza this good, the disappointment didn't last long.
99815	231	2011-11-15	Amazing pizza, very delicious, and the service is quite friendly and efficient. However, if you are looking for an adult dining experience after 8 pm, might want to stick to take out or delivery until they get their liquor license or start a BYOB.  Recently went in @ 8:30 pm on a Saturday and it was like a Chuck E Cheese, with bright lighting and tons of kids.  Figured it could be a one-of situation but walking by on another recent evening, again @ 8:30 and the lights were still quite bright.  Never thought I would "complain" about something like that but it does make a difference, at least in my opinion. But again, truly delicious and well-made pizzas, a definite plus for the neighborhood.
99816	231	2011-11-15	Wow!  Yummy! And relief that we don't have to travel to other neighborhoods anymore to get a great Neopolitan pie.  We met Antonio, the owner, who is lovely.  We found out that the pizzaiolo formerly crafted pies at Keste, another delicious pizza place in Village.  We had the foccacia, which is delightful -salt and rosemary on a tasty crust.  Its not the thick bready kind...  The Spinach salad, with fine touches, slivered almonds, raisins.   The Salsisicca (sausage) pie was fantastic.  I love that slightly charred, chewy crust.  The tomato sauce was so good, the fresh mozzarella was generous, the sausage was perfection.   We wanted to try the Nutella pizza but too full for dessert...this time.   The owner was gracious to share some tiramisu that the pizzaiolo's mother from Italy had made (!)   Seriously.   You had me at Margarita.   Sottocasa will do well and I believe will have a devoted following.  It is a great spot for fine ingredients, simple, cool room, people who respect the art of Neopolitan pizza making and a great neighborhood gem!   We will be back often.
38543	231	2011-11-14	I want to start off by saying that I don't generally eat pizza, because I don't really like it.  Bread, tomato, cheese....how many different ways can you do this?  I've tried all the famous spots from DiFara (usually burned) to Lucali (overpriced) and have yet to be wowed by pizza.  Until now that is.  Sottocasa, where have you been all my life???  Perfection is what comes to mind when I think about this small  yet cozy establishment on Atlantic Ave.  The bottom of the pizza is just slightly charred as you bite into the softest pita like bread.  The menu proclaims that they use the freshest ingredients and that is NO LIE.  The tomato sauce feels like it was freshly made  and I wouldn't be surprised if they had a cow in the back providing the milk for the cheese.  Outstanding!  Well done Sottocasa!
39239	231	2011-11-11	I liked it. The reason why I didn't love it is because I feel like if I cooked I'd be able to whip this up at home. Basically get pita bread and some fresh veggies and you're all set. I have to say though that any place that toots its own horn by having it written on the menu that they use the absolute freshest of the fresh ingredients gets on my nerves. So you grow your own tomatoes who cares. P.S. the chef was cute.  P.S.S. when you don't have candle holders handy just use a wine glass.
99817	231	2011-11-02	After one experience, I can say with little doubt that this place is now my go-to spot for pizza in the neighborhood.  I ordered the "Laura" and the "Radicchio" pies for delivery.  They arrived quickly and they tasted perfect.  The crust was wonderful.  The ingredient combos were inventive, but still satisfy traditional tastes.  Overall, I think this place is on par with Motorino and all of the other new pizza darlings getting raves in the Times and NY mag.  And if it's this good when delivered, I can't wait to have it at the restaurant!!    My only misgiving is that its a bit pricey.  But I'll be  a regular either way.
99818	231	2011-10-31	Pitch perfect Neapolitan pizza in a nice cozy space, with nice friendly service. Well worth a visit as you'd have to fly to Naples to get anything nearly as good.
99819	231	2011-10-30	Fantastic pizza, focaccia, and salads. And great service, too. I called to place a delivery order, but the wait would've been an hour and a half (Friday night, after all). Since I lived close by, I offered to pick up instead. The guy told me it'd be around 20 minutes, and he'd even take my number and call when the order got close to ready. A nice thing to do on a busy night. The place is a bit pricy, but you certainly get what you pay for. Pizza was crisp and delicious - perfectly salty. Can't wait to go back and eat in the backyard patio.
99820	231	2011-10-27	I am so excited this place moved into my neighborhood!  The environment is warm, the staff is friendly, the food comes really quickly, and it's great.  The pizzas are really fresh and delicious and the salads are really good sized. I will definitely be coming back here again and again.
99821	231	2011-10-27	Really good pizza at a reasonable price. Friendly staff.  Destined to be a neighborhood hit. The outside garden is nice as well.
3448	231	2011-10-18	Soooo good. It made me definitively decide that I prefer Neopolitan pizza above all others. The place is great, the service is great and most importantly the pizza is out of this world. Don't be afraid of ordering a whole pizza for yourself because you will finish it all and look longingly at your neighbor's.
3504	231	2011-10-17	Don't you wish a lovely, rustic little joint serving near-perfect Neopolitan pizza would open a couple blocks from your place? I always knew you wanted to be me.* Sottocasa's space is simple (a few tables line the narrow space, with little decoration besides the oven), and the backyard unadorned (picnic tables atop gravel). At first glance, it doesn't look like much. But make no mistake: this is not your average slice joint. There is little on the menu besides pizza, with options ranging from $9-$19. There are two lists of pies: one that you can feel free to add toppings to, and Le Speciali di Sottocasa, which they ask you to eat as they have been designed. We opted to share one of each... A simple margherita ($11), and the Laura: fresh-crushed Italian plum tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, speck, mascarpone and rosemary ($18). Both pies arrived lightning quick, and I honestly couldn't say which I preferred because they were both perfectly executed and conceived, but so very different. The mascarpone and speck certainly gave the specialty pie a richness the classic margherita lacked, but both offered that slightly charred, chewy Napoli crust and a freshness that reflects impeccable ingredients. I would happily order either again, but I have a feeling I'll slowly make my way through the entire list, because this is a place I plan on eating often. If Neapolitan is your preferred pizza, do yourself a favor and stop by Sottocasa. __________ *I can't blame you. I mean, look at me, with my below average intelligence/height and vaguely doughy physique.
35945	231	2011-10-10	Watch out, here comes a rising star in the New York pizza scene. Sottocasa -- which is run by real Italians -- specializes in rustic Neopolitan pizza. Brand spanking new on the ever-changing drag of Atlantic Avenue. The space is spartan and comfortable; think: open light-filled street-level space, white brick walls, simple wooden fixtures, few decorations, and one big brick oven that is both the stylistic and functional focus of the establishment. The menu: filled with pizza. Maybe 20 of them, with creative and fresh ingredients. Sampled the sausage and raddichio pizza while my wife/dining companion went for the tomato, fresh mozzarella, basil and capers. The former was a little on the dry side, although the sausage had quality meat and the raddichio added an interesting bite. The latter was superlative: crushed fresh tomatoes, fresh bubbling mozzarella, leaves of basil and prickly capers. The crowning achievement was the crust -- well executed, with a little air, a little char, a little chew, and a little crackle. You can't manufacture crust like this; Sottocasa may be a new kid on the block but they don't mess around. Could Sottocasa be the next Roberta's or Motorino? Perhaps. Getting a liquor license may help (it's supposed to come in a few weeks). I'd also parse down the pizza menu options (less is more) and add some non-pizza specials. Will keep an eye on these guys.
57093	231	2011-10-09	My prayers have been answered by Sottocasa. This neighborhood was STARVING for some good Neapolitan pizza and this place really hits the spot. It's cozy with a great, simple vibe and the pizza is excellent. The backyard looks lovely and I'm sure I'll be back there a lot on sunny days, especially when they get their beer license. I'll definitely be back soon!
99822	231	2011-10-08	This place is a WONDERFUL addition to the neighborhood.  The pizza and arugula salad are delicious.  They have been open 11 days, and we have already eaten there twice.  The pizza is thin and crispy, and the ingredients are well balanced.  The salad has a wonderful lemon and olive oil dressing, and just the right blend of arugula, parmesan and tomatoes.   I highly recommend this place!!  I forgot to mention that the room is super cute and the garden is lovely.  You will not be disappointed!
24159	231	2011-09-26	The pizza is excellently made and with ingredients as fresh as you can ask for.  This is authentic naples style pizza and made just about as well as I've ever had it.  The oven is wood burning and was shipped directly from Italy. Interior is nice and chill with exposed brick & dark polished woods.  It's simple and elegant.  Staff is very nice and attentive.   The backyard area is really cool having a little biergarten feel with big wooden picnic style tables on gravel.  Nice idea.
99823	231	2011-09-25	Yesterday with a couple of friends we spotted this pizzeria and decided to give it a try. Talk about serendipity...this place is awesome! First surprise: they seated us  in a nice backyard with big wooden tables; as long as the climate allows it, I love to have dinner under the stars. Second surprise: the menu is attractive but fairly short, and that means they're serious about freshness and high quality. Third surprise: I could actually smell the wood from the wood fire in my pizza!! I can't even remember when was the last time I tasted something like that. I only regret I couldn't have a beer because they're still waiting for the liquor licence, but as everything else was so amazing, I feel good with rating the place with 5 stars.
78056	231	2011-09-24	We live around the corner and were waiting with high expectations for this place, and it has exceeded them.  The space is cute and modern, the staff is attentive and very welcoming- we really felt like guests.  The chef came to check on the pizza, they refilled an espresso we had let cool (amazing- who does that) and when asked, really gave great food advice. That brings us to the pizza: it is great.  We are total pizza snobs, and my wife is a jedi-level pizza appraiser- having scoured New York, Rome, Chicago and Naples for the best.  She (and of course I) were really impressed.  The ingredients are so fresh and high quality that these delicious wood-burned oven cooked pizzas really stand out.  We'veg one twice, each time in groups, so we've tried a lot of pizzas: the Marinara, which was really good (and the sauce on the pizza smelled intoxicatingly rich), the Quatro Stagioni (excellent), the Parmigiana (my favorite of the bunch) and Laura (my wife's favorite) the Sfiziosa (anchovy lovers will be well pleased) and the nuttella pizza desert (also very good, made good leftovers in the morning with coffee).   This place is an instant favorite.
27146	231	2011-09-22	This is a lovely new place just opened on Atlantic. Staff are all really friendly and attentive. The menu is simple but delicious - just good pizzas and salads.  We had the verdure and the parmigiana pizzas, a good size with lots of tasty toppings.  The pizzas are all cooked in a wood burning oven. The chef came out to check that we were enjoying our meal. They have a cute yard out the back where we sat, enjoying one of the last few warm evenings this summer. They are still waiting for their alcohol license but should get it soon they said. We look forward to going back soon and saving room for the nutella pizza dessert!
99824	494	2014-11-21	Disappointed. To sum up how my first experience at Bustan resonated. My friends and I went to Bustan with high hopes to celebrate a birthday. Upon calling early in the week to make a reservation we were given the option of a late meal (1030) inside for our group or an earlier setting at 830 in their outside "heated" tent. Let this be a warning to you to not be fooled when they say the "garden seating is lovely" or that "you will love it and it is warm." The disgruntled faces wrapped in layers from every patron in the "garden tent" should have been enough warning to have us turn around. Instead, upon seating at the table you realize they place mega heating lamps that are so bright you will ask to change places with the person across the table- lest you get too tan on one side. Wouldn't want people to assume to went to the Bahamas over night. Further, the tent is quite drafty and said frigid air does wonders on the metal and heavily lacquered wooden ice cube...errrr benches. Fully clothed in a winter parkas, members of our table were shivering enough that the waiter offered us shots of tequila on the house to warm us up. Additionally they had scarves to help us stay warm (though they were the thinly veiled kind that you can buy 2 for $5 or 5 for $10 on the street and effectively did nothing to help the cold). Our table chose to order a number of appetizers and entrees and share all of the dishes "family style." The fragmented delivery of the food and often cold dishes served as a stark reminder that they most likely had forgotten us and didn't account for the fact that they would have to carry the food out into the cold space between the restaurant and tent. After starting some of the appetizers, we realized that they had forgotten 6 of the appetizers that had been ordered. Scrambling, they cleared the table and we had to wait an additional 35 minutes before any food appeared again. I would also add that nothing was done during the wait including a failure to refill water, ask if we wanted additional cocktails or wine, or bread. One of the members of our group seemed as though she could get up at any moment and leave. The food itself had the potential but the execution was poor. Presentation was lackluster and each dish was so close to being good but the sum of its parts hardly resulted in anything necessitating more than an initial taste. Thank god that after everything was finally served we reminded our waited of additional items that had not been served. Those last minute scrambles were the only items that came out warm and tasted fresh. I am glad for the company at the table. We considered the experience to be an adventure and turned to the person whose birthday was being celebrated and all decided to "re-do" the birthday dinner the next night. Oh, and for this being a birthday meal- they never asked if we wanted dessert or a candle (despite being told it was a birthday). Maybe the waiter could tell we were so cold that we needed to get out. What I find sad is that we all wanted to like this place. Perhaps if we were warm we would be more tolerable. But the cold compounded with horrible service and bland food makes this an experience we hope to forget soon. Too bad the check will remind us of just how much bad service can cost in New York City.
99825	494	2014-10-02	don't try making a reservation by leaving a message on the restaurant's voice mail...which is mostly what you get when you call. You'll show up and they'll be clueless.
99826	494	2014-10-26	Staff is terrible.... We made a reservation days in advance... We get to the restaurant and they claim they have no reservation. Sigh. Ultimately they were able to accommodate the group in the outdoor patio area on a shared bench table with another party. Very uncomfortable. The waitstaff was mediocre at best. The food is good but not worth the money.
99827	494	2014-11-06	It was a great experiece at Bustan and I will definitely go back there again! The portions were big and everything we well cooked. I especially loved the dessesrt.
99828	494	2014-10-25	There is nothing better than sharing good food in a comfortable atmosphere with the people you care about. So enjoy the wonderful food and the atmosphere with a friend. Had a great time.
63301	494	2014-03-17	Came here for the first time on a Monday night and it was very busy.  I met a friend and we had the best time.  From the moment we walked in the door until the moment we left (after dessert of course!) we were satisfied.  The service was amazing.  The manager Scott was very accommodating although it was busy.  There was a wait so we decided on sitting at the bar and our bartender Olga was so superb and fun. We were just blown away by everything. I will definitely be back.
99829	494	2014-02-23	Sublime food and a step back in time to a more elegant time. At Bustan you won't just find an amazing menu with delicious preparations of traditional and not so traditional takes on Mediterranean classics, you will also get a dining experience resembling the elegant times of old. While the food is the definite star of this restaurant, the art deco decor resembling the Orient Express and all the supporting details (such as old school champagne glasses faithful to the period) round out a truly wonderful experience. I can't wait to go again.
99830	494	2014-02-20	I had dinner here with my husband yesterday ... The food was amazing .. We had the hummus with beef cheeks .. It comes with brick oven baked bread .. Outstanding .. The hummus was the beat I have ever had.. We had also lamb shawarma  sliders ... Delicious !!! The halumi salad with pomegranate was also light and refreshing I highly recommend to give this place a try Everything we had was amazing
36270	494	2014-02-19	BEST ISRAELI RESTAURANT IN NEW YORK AND ONE OF THE BEST RESTAURANTS IN NYC . the truth is that they had 5 stars before I even walked in , chef efi's food is simply the highest level of modern Israeli food there is even in Israel . bustan will become my 2nd home now , the rotating brick oven he built in his kitchen is something that I have never seen before and took efi's food to the next level. sure sure the hummus , falafel and all the usual suspects are perfect but this time its just a whole other level of fine dinning . I challenge any one to find me better octopus dish ... bring it on ! wine program is wine for this small place  and mainly old world , can always get advice from master guy the GM and the men who is in charge of the beverage program. I love this place . 5 STARS IT IS
99831	494	2014-02-19	Amazing! Me and my friend walked in for a drink..  The place was cozy and welcoming. We decided to get few little things.. The food is outstanding here.. We had the hummus with wild mushrooms, shrimp, spicy feta dip, chopped salad, homemade falafel, We were just keep ordering .. it was that good.!!!!!!!!!! And the bread ...!!!!!!  I have never had something better than this bread.. its made by order and it comes with the dips.. The bartender suggested to try a different bread with feta that i forgot the name with was Delicious .. This was the best meal i have had in a really long time and i will be differently coming back.. Give it a try you will not be disappointed .. Did i mention the bread ?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
19449	494	2015-01-06	I recently went for my third visit to Bustan, hoping that the other reviewers were right this time around. Unfortunately that was not the case. Ordered the greek salad (good), and the hummus bowl with lamb. The lamb/hummus combo had too much cumin for my taste, and the lamb seemed a bit underdone. The bread was good. Poor service at lunch. We saw our server when we provided our order; then we had to flag him down because our food had arrived but our drinks had not; we had to flag him down again to get our check. No water refills for the entire meal. While the poor service was annoying, we realized that they were just understaffed (plenty of bussers but almost no wait staff), and it was not the fault of the server but rather of management. Don't sit at the two-person tables near the wall across from the booths. I was bumped multiple times by staff rushing by even though there was plenty of space between tables.
99832	494	2015-01-06	The food was really good. I had the lamb and it was fantastic. The tzatziki sauce was unique in a very good way. Best I've ever had, really. The waiter was friendly, as was the hostess. Everything came in a pretty timely manner, though it could have come a bit more quickly, even for a laid back dinner. I will say it's a bit loud in there, the decor is interesting, but it also makes you feel like you're in some kind of hipster submarine. Also the tables are way, way too close together. I was on top of people on either side of me, we actually had to maneuver the tables to get up to use the washroom.
12222	494	2015-01-02	One final update for the third and final visit that I made to Bustan.  This time, after two relatively unsuccessful dinners, we stopped in for lunch to have the hummus and bread that we had enjoyed in the past.  I had high hopes that my previous reviews would no longer hold true, especially given all of the five star ratings here on Yelp. On this visit, we were already wary of the menu because of some previous misses, and so we stuck to the classics.  I also stuck to non-alcoholic beverages, this being lunch and all, although I did have fond memories of a previous fig lemonade cocktail.   The hummus bowl with lamb kebab ($17) had good hummus but the lamb was undercooked and had been seasoned with too much cumin.  The bread was good, however, extra bread will set you back $3.50.  The greek salad ($15) was good.  It could have done with a few more olives, but that is really my only criticism.  I would order it again, were I ever to return, which will be never. What really ruined lunch was the atmosphere in this restaurant.  The hostess was perfectly superficially nice.  However, there appeared to be only one waiter working the lunch shift, supported by numerous busboys and filled in here and there by a couple of guys who appeared to be restaurant management.  What that meant, beyond the indifference of the waiter, who no doubt had a lot to think about, was that the drinks and food took too long to arrive, and that nobody bothered to ask us once if we needed anything or even liked our food.  In the meantime, we were sandwiched in to a small table in a high traffic area. To top things off, the restaurant was playing club music at a rather high volume during lunch hour.  At one point, the lights were precipitously dimmed.  You might think, after reading other reviews about how "sophisticated" this spot is, that dimmed lights and techno would be appropriate.  However, were you to look around at the mostly sweatpant and sneaker-clad crowd that included strollers and small children, you would have laughed hysterically at the pretension of this place.  Being well-dressed makes one an outlier at this restaurant, at least at lunch hour.   I would have liked this place to have been a success, and a pleasant place to go for high quality food and a more upscale atmosphere than other spots in the vicinity.  Call me a hater and prove me wrong - shower and leave your sweatpants at home before dining at Bustan.  But don't expect great food or great service.
99833	494	2014-12-31	Came to this place for dinner... Only good things to say about Bustan. I had the Taboon Charred, as an appetizer, delicious!  For Entrée I had the poached Moroccan Halibut which was also really good. Someone else ordered a Lamb Shawarma which I had to try and it was my favorite dish.  It can be a little pricey, but the experience is very much so worth it.
9338	494	2014-12-23	I only tried their organic chicken on a bed of couscous. I ate the chicken & the couscous was dry & didn't do much for me. But the bartender & staff were friendly & the food is organic & the portions are good.  The ambiance was interesting, it was a lounge with a bar & a patio in the back.
9785	494	2014-12-21	What a Find.   A very energetic but noisy upscale Mediterranean Restaurant.   The tight squeeze at the table was great so as to talk to your neighboring tables and get recommendations on the  menus.   Our waiter as vey helpful and on the spot with making our menus choices.  We will return.
99834	494	2014-12-10	Yelp should feel bad about itself for not offering more stars.  I'll give Bustan a 5-star review, although it's worthy of many more stars.  But I digress...I had a group of 3 in NYC this past weekend, and I've been hearing many wonderful things about Bustan's food and staff for a long time, so I figured while we were in the neighborhood (from CT), we'd take the opportunity to try dinner.  MAKE RESERVATIONS.  That's rule #1!  WOW, this place fills up fast!  The crowd was friendly and low-key, but if you don't make a reservation be prepared to wait!  After you sit down, order yourself a fig lemonade.  Or two.  Or three.  This is my new favorite boozy drink; perfect for summer, refreshing when you have plates upon plates of savory delicious food.  Our waiter was incredibly knowledgeable and had a sweet accent to boot - we had questions about the food and he seemed thrilled to answer them - I love it when you can tell that the waitstaff is excited about the food! Here's what we had: 1. Flatbread with wild mushrooms, taleggio, ricotta, broccoli rabe, and truffle oil.  Do I need to say anything more?  No.  I don't.  Go to Bustan and eat this. 2. Sizzling Shrimp - cooked perfectly!  Garlicky, lemony....mmmmm!!! 3. Grilled Lamb Sausage in chickpea & spinach stew - this almost made me cry.  It was so delicious that I went into some state of shock.  It's damn spicy too!  If you like a lot of heat you absolutely have to order this! 4. Falafel Basket - we ate these so fast that I don't remember much aside from them being incredibly delicious and wanting to have like 4 more baskets! 5. Hummus plate with Chicken Tandoori - The hummus here is like no other hummus I've ever had.  The flavor is so unique, it's so rich and delicious. 6. Tuna Tartare - I could've ordered like 10 plates of this.  The tuna was fresh and the spicy seeds really made this stand out from tartares I've had elsewhere. Think that's enough food?  NO.  WE ATE MORE. ICE CREAM dessert - topped with some interesting coconutty thing (I wish I could remember the name, but I was like, 2 Fig Lemonades deep!) and the donuts with dipping sauces.  Perfect ending to a perfect meal!!
99835	494	2014-12-07	What an incredible meal my wife and I just had here. The hummus and bread were a great intro to whet the appetite. The dish with an egg on top with a tomato based sauce and lamb sausage links was truly to die for. Service was exemplary and prices quite reasonable.
17165	494	2014-12-06	Having lived in Jerusalem for a year, I was looking forward to eating at Bustan for lunch. Started with a hummus, green tahini and tzatziki app. While they were good and fresh - only the tahini was better than a Hummus Place type restaurant. The bread was amazing. Also, these dishes need to be served with various pickles - either the traditional kind or, as in Jerusalem, with pickled green peppers and turnips. There should also be choices of fresh or marinated veggies - mainly to cut the heaviness of the hummus and tahini. The only pickle type veggie was the red cabbage, similar to what is served in the sephardic restaurants in Jerusalem. Other hummus chains, including Maoz, offer these options. I'm surprised Bustan only had the olives. The charred octopus had a nice flavor but was either overcooked or cooked much earlier and left to sit out. The portion was tiny for $18. The kebab platter was really a sandwich - it was pleasant enough but overpriced. I will try it again for dinner because  there are some dished that are hard to find in New York and I miss them. The service was good and the ambiance was pleasant.
99836	494	2014-12-05	Couldn't keep me away for long from bustan, went for a brunch again only two weeks after I've been there for the first time. cannot speak highly enough of this place, as a native middle eastern and big foodie it's by far the finest modern mid eastern restaurant in NYC. litteraly amazing food.
99837	494	2014-12-04	This place was pretty okay. I came here with a friend without a reservation so we had to wait sometime which was fine I understood my mistake of not calling ahead unfortunately they seated us at one of the worst tables. It was right next to where all the waiters go in and out which sucked but they made up for it by taking our coats and purses and putting them in the back for us. Our food took a pretty long time to arrive considering the fact we didn't order an entree as we were just trying out a bunch of apps. Overall, they were pretty good but left much to be desired even though we ordered about 8-9 for just two people. The staff was really nice though and never gave us a bad vibe even when we kept asking where our sautéed kale with feta was (although in all honesty I feel I had a right to keep asking I mean its just kale with crumbled feta on top) The dessert left much to be desired we didn't know what to order so we asked what was the most popular item was and they came out with the turkish sundae (not going to lie it looked amazing!) But it did not live up to its looks. That day I discovered that I'm not a fan of "Halva" it had the consistency of somewhat chewy toasted coconut but it melted in your mouth in a strange powdery way which was not paired nicely with the fact that I felt like they barely put any ice cream to have even ratio. I don't know it might be just me because it's obviously popular for a reason. I don't think I'm particularly keen to going back but who knows the inside is lovely and the staff was nice so we'll see!
45007	494	2014-11-28	Food, service, atmosphere, all great. Very happy to add Bustan to the regular rotation. We started with the mazettim and probably overdid it by choosing five spreads: hummus, babaganoush, tzaziki, tahini, and spicy feta. These things are so ubiquitous that it's easy to forget how amazing they can be when done well, with fresh ingredients. Bustan really gets them right, and makes it far too easy to fill up on appetizers. Resist, and maybe go for three instead of five. For mains, I went with the gnocchi with porcini sauce and truffle oil. Delicious, a perfect amount of shaved parmesan, not too heavy on the truffle, and really fluffy gnocchi. I might have wanted a larger portion if I hadn't filled up on the apps, but overall was really happy with the dish. The others in my party had the roast chicken and chicken merguez, and the lamp kibbe served in a terracotta bowl inside a huge pita. I didn't taste either, but they smelled wonderful, and dishes were rather clean by the end of the meal.
99838	494	2014-11-23	Perfect! Clean, good service, excellent food and not very expensive. The Shakshouka is delicious ! We will come back
99839	494	2014-11-23	Great ambience, delicious food and friendly staff. Always have a good time here and keep going back.
84529	494	2014-11-20	Excellent- the food, decor and wine list- I took friends there who own a vineyard in Positano, Italy and the were in love - Mediterranean food .. Delicious and the owner is really dynamic and creative!
28050	494	2014-11-16	Started out as a 5-star and slid down to a 3 by the time I left.   Amazing starter snacks - we had the spicy feta, which was to die for, as well as pretty good hummus and good baba ghanoush.   Delicious, with a fresh bread used for dipping.  The flatbread (mushroom) was to die for, and we ordered harissa on the side which spiced things up a bit.   But then I got the brunch entree, which was "jumbo lump crap" benedict - I actually thought I got the wrong order because I couldn't find the crab.  My friend had to help, by lifting one of my eggs to find a few flecks of crab.   Pretty disappointing.   I basically had 2 poached eggs, a tablespoon or so of crab, over a piece of toast (and home fries and a few greens) for $17.   The service was not great either.  The server didn't ask how our food was, so I didn't bother telling him my breakfast was not good, because I knew he wouldn't care.   When my beer arrived after 10 mins bec of a keg change, it was warm so I sent it back.   Not a great experience.  Would I go again, yes, because my dear friends love it there and have had many great experiences, and the first half was so awesome.  I would skip my dish and go for the skillet baked eggs or a beautiful salad, which my friends had and which looked great.   My 3 - stars is based on my experience, but I hope I have a 5 next time.
21591	494	2014-11-14	A couple of my friends and I came in for brunch.   We started with the three mazettim and chose the hummus, smoked eggplant, and spicy feta (I think the spicy feta was my favorite).  They were all good, except the bread-to-dip ratio was too small (and so a star comes off).  The three mazettim only came out with one flatbread, when sliced up only came out to about 3-4 pieces per person.  I think they should have given at least a few pieces of pita bread, because unless you are going to start shoveling the hummus into your mouth with a spoon, it just goes uneaten. For the main, we decided to give the shakshouka a try. I had the green shakshouka, which I would highly recommend.  It had all the right balance of flavors.  Mine was perfectly cooked, but the eggs in my friend's dish came out pretty raw... the whites were still uncooked.  Thankfully, they brought it back to the kitchen and cooked it a bit more. The inside is nice--it has an upscale feel without the requisite upscale price. I'd probably come again if I need something to mix up the usual brunch food.
36761	494	2014-11-13	Very good food. Its primarily Mediterranean cuisine. The service is friendly, the food is always flavorful and delicious. We had a wonderful lentil soup to start. As an entree we had a lamb dish in a pot baked en croute.  It was a lamb merguez with vegetables. Great spices. And, we had a baked halibut with a spicy tomato sauce. If you are on the UWS and looking for good food give Bustan a try, you won't be disappointed.
99840	494	2014-11-10	First time at Bustan. Went there last week on a Thursday evening for dinner.  Everything seemed interesting so we ordered several plates and shared, mostly appetizers. Cute place, not much space but nice atmosphere. Food was greattttt! Loved the falafel and baked potatoe which was crunchy! Other than the main dish we ordered, food came out very fasttt! Service was okay, prices are ok... average a little on the pricier side but still good.
50865	494	2014-11-06	This review is not about the food which was very good, but more the lack of good service here. I stopped here last week on a whim (was going to Peacefood Cafe but decided to try something new). We were seated in the garden which was nice. When we ordered our meal, we asked the waiter if we could please do a flatbread without cheese or even put another topping on instead of cheese if they were going to charge us the same amount of money anyway. The waiter looked at me and said "the chef doesn't normally do substitutions". Awkward pause...."So, will he do it today?" Answer: no. Oh, and the chef also can take things off but can't put things on the flatbread. Sounds suspiciously like a way to be difficult and make money. It would have been nice if he actually took the time to ASK the chef. My boyfriend and I try our best to be as vegan as possible and this place was completely unaccomodating. After this interaction, the waiter clearly wrote us off and didn't come by to ask how we were doing, etc. The busboys here offer better service than the waiters.
59672	494	2014-11-06	This place was amazing! I love the decor and the food was just as wonderful. My friend and I ordered a few different plates to share. The homemade focaccia bread is ridiculous. I'm so into the starches I was so thrilled with just the bread alone. We also ordered the shrimp and asparagus. Everything was so flavorful. I cannot wait to come back and order more food which sitting in such a beautiful space!
18539	494	2014-11-05	Great dinner last night --FOOD 1. mezze platter (when they say spicy feta, they mean spicy) -- bread wasn't what i expected, they called it foccaccia, it wasn't that, nor was it mediterranean as it should have been -- but still tasted great. the eggplant and the hummus -- fantastic 2. chopped salad - great 3. salmon entree - really really great though i could have done without the roasted/grilled celery 4. boyfriend's halibut, got a small bite but tasted amazing ... SERVICE . excellent super attentive friendly, hard to find service at this level at a restaurant like this THE SPACE in which we sat outside which was lovely, a really nice inviting garden. but my boyfriend's chair, in the corner, could only go back so far, as it was blocked by a little stone garden wall. That left us very cramped. we managed to squeeze in though, but then the bright heating element was then facing me.that was not so terribly bad, but a suggestion: the lights could be kept out of sight, and the seating could be arranged more comfortably.  definitely recommend though.
45123	494	2014-11-04	Went here for my birthday, I love this place! They have alot of options and I'm looking forward to my next visit.   We had the hummus with beef cheek (soo friggin tender) and the beef canoloni.  The portions here are HUGE and it tasted so good.  I'm so happy that there is a Middle Eastern place in the area and i don't have to go all the way down to the flatiron district.  And trust me, it's worth it. Our dessert was the traditional kenefi which is deep fried cheese with honey.  It was soooo good, you should definitely get that as opposed to the other desserts which are ordinary (i'm sure it's tasty). I must warn you though, don't stuff yourself on bread!
99841	494	2014-10-27	absolutely Unique food with excellent tastes, i just love it. Nice vibe and good location. also great menu and great flavours. The service was pleasant and efficient. I'll be back for sure!
14063	494	2014-10-26	Had dinner and lunch here a couple of times. Absolutely delicious food in a friendly atmosphere. Great garden to sit outside. Will definitely go back again
99842	494	2014-10-25	Ate at the bar with a friend. Food was decent and the bartender who served us was nice. Unfortunately, our meal was ruined by the fact that the staff let a group of five ten-year olds mill about the bar watching football within inches of us. For around 45 minutes, they were literally bumping into us, chattering away so that it was impossible for me and my friend to carry on a conversation. Meal was ruined. It would have been totally fine if a group of people wants to get up from their seats for ten minutes of a game but 45 minutes was way too much. Picture your next meal - a bunch of ten-year olds standing IMMEDIATELY next to you and rubbing against your chairs. It's not a pleasant environment and it doesn't make for an enjoyable meal. I wrote to management the day after to explain what had happened. Waited a week. Never got a response. Guess they simply don't care.
99843	494	2014-10-23	Bustan is the best thing that has happened to the UWS food scene in a while. Lentil soup is delicious, made from lamb broth. Food is very, very good, and the service is delightful. I stopped in for lunch with my two-year-old son, and they were incredibly warm, welcoming, and very accommodating. I read some other negative service reviews on Yelp, and was surprised! I have nothing but praises for Bustan.
99844	494	2014-10-14	I came in on a Saturday with my mother, who was visiting from out of town. We sat in the garden, which was beautifully lit with candles. A nice vibe. Had the mazetim for 3, with hummus, feta, and eggplant. Delicious. Especially the homemade bread. They charge for extra bread, but it's worth it. Sooo good. Our server Radu suggested the shrimp. It was awesome, came to the table sizzling. Chopped salad is amazing as well. For main course, we shared the whole baked branzino. My mother loved it. Beautiful fish. Well prepared. For dessert, which we had to force down, but was worth it, was the sticky toffee pudding and silan with the halva. Was absolutely amazing. My mother was so happy beginning to end, I'm glad we decided on Bustan.
3109	494	2014-10-13	We sat in the garden and it was lovely, but the food was overpriced for the quality and wasn't too impressive. Our service was spotty, there were 2-3 different servers for our table so couldn't figure out who our main server was. We got their hummus with beef cheeks- the beef was too salty and not that soft, but the hummus itself was good with the garbanzo beans. The bread it came with made the dish as it was warm and freshly baked. The cauliflower was disappointing- do not get this. It was chunks of cauliflower boiled or steamed on top of steamed tomatoes- no flavor whatsoever. It literally tasted like plain, boiled cauliflower- it would have been good if it was roasted. For $14, it was a waste of money. The octopus was small pieces of charred octopus in a nice, tart lemony sauce- this was good, but for 6-8 small pieces of octopus on a small plate for $18, again, overpriced and not worth it.
5094	494	2014-10-12	Wow... I never expected to give this sort of review to Bustan. What could have been a great evening of food and drinks turned into...well...not great. As soon as we walked in, I noticed that whoever decorated this place had no idea if he was going for something chic or trendy or whimsical -- just a total mess in that department. We were seated immediately on a Friday night, which was great, but our four-top was an awkward side table where everyone's seated on the same side. All of this was totally fine, including the delicious five dips and bread we enjoyed to start (particularly the taramasalata, a potato-fish egg mixture), but it just got...not great from there. Our waiter, though well-meaning, was unsure about the food he was serving and inattentive. Several folks in our party ordered the halibut and enjoyed it; the terracotta lamb was also enjoyed. My skirt steak and bone marrow came cold, so we sent it back. It came back burnt. The waiter had no idea what to do and ran away; we approached the manager (not the owner), whose snotty attitude didn't improve the situation. They did end up comping up some kanafe and tea, the former of which was SALTY. We know kanafe -- it's sweet and delicious and crispy. This was just gross. This place has a lot of potential, but I guess the sense that the folks running it aren't training the folks below.
99845	494	2014-10-11	So delicious. Came here for brunch. The menu had a lot if great choices from conventional brunch to very creative spices and sauces. The service was great, everyone was very friendly and helpful. Definitely recommend the pastrami salmon eggs Benedict and the fresh house gelato dessert with fresh made rice Krispy granola, honey, and halva put through a cotton candy machine!
99846	494	2014-10-10	Management is awful and they should fire him immediately. Poor representation of the really good food. The way you are greeted at the door (non english speaking hostesses are useless)-and no personality Staff who doesn't know the food-they have no idea what is in anything. Food runners drop the food and runaway like they are delivering dirty bombs, and a manager who has all the personality of iceberg lettuce in a ziplock bag and can't solve a guest problem like "this isn't what I ordered". It literally turned into a yes you DID order it...uh, no we didn't. And then he charged us for the item we didn't eat and returned! They also charge for bread? What is even better, they have a button that doesn't charge for bread (on the receipt) and a button in all caps that does charge for bread....so they have the discretion on whether or not to use the button like a russian czar. They used the BREAD button 2x's! TERRIBLE
15525	494	2014-10-06	3.5. Food was mostly very good - a 4+, but the service was...weird.  I've eaten at a lot of restaurants in my life, and this was probably the most and only truly negative experience I've had service-wise, but the food carries it. Came by on a weekend evening for a friend's birthday dinner. Our server was a very friendly, smiley woman who seemed a bit lacking for words. But that's OK, I'm generally pretty adaptable to all kinds of service situations. I've been in the service industry, and I can tell you, it's freaking hard. So I figured she could be new and shy. But she was just...not really around very much. I generally don't blame the server in these kinds of situations, because I figure it's also possible management didn't plan for enough servers given how many patrons there are - and the house was pretty full. Who knows, managing a busy restaurant is probably really challenging. After ordering our cocktails, I happened to be poking around my drink with the included cinnamon stick when this strange, white clumpy mass jumbled its way above the ice. I wasn't really sure what it was - it looked like a cross between feta and a rolled up wad of densely soaked tissue paper. I gotta admit, against my better judgment, I tasted it, but it had no taste.  After a bit of waiting, our server came by. She didn't recognize the object either, and went to ask the bartender. In the end, nobody knew, so she resolved the situation and gave me a new drink. Great. So far, service is slow, but good, and I quickly tried to take my mind off the tasting of the paper cheese thing.  Then our server disappeared again, for a long time. We almost finished our drinks by the time we were able to order our small plates. Anyway, this isn't really about the delays - one can fill it with nice conversation. Fast forward to our four small plates, one for the each of us. One in particular was the octopus dish, and, being a small plate, that gave everyone about two bites.  But it tasted off. We've had seafood of all kinds, including octopus, but our dish tasted a lot like white fish. Actually, kinda like mackerel to be precise, but who knows, I could be wrong and maybe this was a rendition of octopus I've never had before - very possible. But given that 3 of our 4 thought it didn't taste like octopus (the 4th was not sure), the error with the cocktail, and the possible inexperienced server, I was also entertaining the possibility that we got the wrong dish. So why not ask? And thus began bizarro world. Our server was gone for awhile again, and when she finally came, I guess she was overwhelmed with other patrons, so before we could ask our question, she quickly passed another server onto us.  He was not so friendly. Kind of pitbull-ish. We explained our questions about the dish. We were purely looking for confirmation that yes, indeed, that was the right dish, or no, that was the wrong dish. I assume one can do that by recognizing the sauce and plating. His immediate reply was a blunt, "It's all gone. You guys ate it all." Mostly, true, yes. An astute observation. There wasn't much to begin with, but one of us still had a bite of it left. Regardless, not really an answer to our question, though. From there, I received more hostility and defensiveness from him. It began to dawn on me that, in his mind, we were trying to get a free comp on the dish. Which was actually pretty insulting. But I keep all these thoughts to myself. Then he started off on a mini-lecture about how we may not be too familiar with octopus and how it's supposed to taste.  Wow, thanks. That's not condescending. Then another jab about how it's all gone. At this point, I wouldn't be surprised if he flipped us the bird, and now I'm getting kinda agitated, and I try to explain that yes, we've had octopus before. He still hasn't answered if that's the right dish or not, then kind of shrugs and says he'll get our original server for confirmation. She comes by, glances at the dish, and just immediately says, "I'll get the manager." Before I can protest that, no, that's not necessary, she jets off again. Now it's turning into a face-palming situation. The manager shows up, ask what's going on, I tell him we didn't think it was octopus, but that that's okay, we don't really care at this point. It's all gone. I had hoped that would end things and we could resume our nice birthday dinner, but instead he starts his own mini-lecture about how fresh octopus should taste and that they have a special oven (taboon) which brings all the patrons to the yard coming back for more. My brain thinks, "Okay, well I probably wouldn't order it again if that's what it's supposed to taste like" but of course I don't say that. I'm here for dinner, not for a run at the debate team. Finally, he leaves, and we try to forget the awkwardness. Anyway, on a good note, the hummus and lamb meatballs were pretty amazing. The eggplant small plate has a wonderful smokiness to it. Great food generally.
5665	494	2014-10-04	The new edgy, hip Mediterranean kid on the block has acquitted itself quite well tonight. The decor is fresh as is the thoughtful menu. Bustan has taken Mediterranean fare to new heights. Our server was one of the best in NYC. From the beginning he made the experience pleasant and memorable.  He made great suggestions and we took them. The cocktail & wine selection was creative and interesting. The Mezettim was served with a homemade bread, hummus, tzatziki, spicy feta, smoked eggplant and salmon fish roe. (ONLY complaint - they charged us for a second serving of bread - not classy considering the pricey menu). The Small Plates were intriguing and the salads refreshing. Mary shared and we all enjoyed the Hummus Bowl with fried avocado and pickled hard boiled eggs.  Sam and I shared a Taboon Whole Baked Black Sea Bass which was perfect along with a yummy potato basket and grilled asparagus. Turkish coffee gelato and Moroccan donuts made our coffees and cappachino's sing.  We'll be back for sure
69006	796	2013-08-17	When did they stop caring? A year ago I would have ranked this among my favorite's - a great food menu coupled with a good liquor selection and some nice cocktails and draft beer. But it would appear they've decided to rest on their laurels and quite frankly, just stop caring about their customers. Tonight's meal was decent, don't get me wrong, but the laissez-faire attitude permeated the restaurant in every way, from the completely pedestrian "barrel aged Manhattan" to the switch to only bottled beer (because the tops were too hard to maintain, apparently), to the menu with just four entrees - and that's including a pork sandwich. No specials, nothing exceptional, just a choice of one beef (a steak that's been on the menu forever), one chicken (roast, half, pretty much what you'd expect) and one fish (a shrimp and grits that ate more like a gumbo). Bacon as an appetizer? Sure, they still have that. But so what? I miss the chicken fried smoked pork cutlet. And the sense that it was a restaurant that really wanted customer's business. I should have known when the sandwich board outside simply said "bourbon" - yes, they've still got an exceptional selection, but beyond that there's little to offer here. Better to get a great meal at any number of places along Smith St and save the overpriced bourbon drinking for a more interesting spot.
12424	796	2013-08-12	Love this place! Everything my boyfriend and I have ordered has been excellent. Although nothing here is a culinary innovation, you can count on Char No 4 for having consistently well made, well executed dishes. Most people stray away from ordering boring ol' chicken at restaurants, but Char No 4 makes one of the best chicken dishes ever! (My absolute favorite chicken dish is from Apiary). Just be warned: half a chicken comes with all the bones, so don't order this if you're trying to be all cute and dainty with your date. The shrimp and grits is also worth getting. It has a spicy kick to it, as well as a nice bite.  Dessert is not very impressive so head elsewhere to satisfy your sweet tooth. They also have a huge selection of bourbon, if that's your thing (it's not mine) and a small happy hour drink menu.
9789	796	2013-07-29	Whiskey bar and restaurant inspired by a passion for bourbon. The name refers to the practice of aging bourbon in charred new oak barrels which gives it its sweet caramelized flavor and beautiful amber hue. There are over 150 whiskeys here. The menu is American fare with a focus on house smoked and cured meat. Great place to celebrate!
24972	796	2013-07-20	I'm a huge fan of Maysville in Flatiron, and finally made it over to the original outpost of this family of restaurants in Cobble Hill. The restaurant is a more quainter version of it's older brother, but the decor is close to identical and the food is just as excellent. I ordered the steak, which was simple and perfectly cooked. What was exceptional about my meal, though, was the side of potatoes. It's hard not to love Parmesan rosemary fried potatoes, but char 4's were incredible. Definitely made my meal! Great meal + good whiskey = the high life.
25656	796	2013-07-18	Pretty good food. Drinks were good too. To drink, I got the Noreaster. For appetizer, we got the charcuterie that came with rabbit, duck, lamb, and pork. For entree. I got the smoked half chicken with bacon-whipped potatoes & roasted hen of the woods mushrooms. Overall, it was a VERY good meal.
20350	796	2013-07-18	Brunch review: Go here for the meat and drink. Other stuff was just meh. Bacon and other smoked meat is off the hook good. Pancakes were dry and underwhelming.
144968	796	2013-07-09	I was hugely impressed by my experience at Char No. 4.  The whiskey selection is unbelievable, if not a little daunting.  We asked our server about getting a bourbon flight, and the manager spoke with us to help create custom flights for each of us based on our varietal preferences.  Every selection was top notch.  And if the great whiskey isn't enough of a draw, the food is equally delicious.  I cannot recommend this place enough.
22732	796	2013-07-04	go there for the amazing whiskey selection, but skip the overpriced food.
3235	796	2013-07-01	I've been meaning to go to Char No. 4 ever since I moved to the neighborhood. Their whiskey selection (or whisky, if you so choose) is extensive and the bartenders can really make a good recommendation. As for the food, the entrees are a little on the pricey side, but it was all pretty good. The pork nuggets were interesting texture-wise and tasted great with the spicy dipping sauce. The half chicken was a bit over salted and the bacon whipped potatoes weren't very bacon-y. One gripe I had was that it was early Sunday night and they already ran out of two of the things on their dinner menu. That seemed like bad planning to me. Lastly, they also have a bunch of specialty whiskey/bourbon cocktails on the menu. I think I'd return for some whiskey tasting, but probably not for dinner. Maybe brunch?
144969	796	2013-07-01	Excellent selection of bourbons with a menu that compliments the whiskey specialty.  The craft cocktails are also excellent.  Service is attentive and well informed.  We made the trip out from Manhattan to try this restaurant and we were not disappointed.
118943	796	2013-06-30	Phenomenal bourbon selection, quality food and service.
45544	796	2013-06-25	Took a friend here for dinner. Excellent menu, although I'm shocked they didn't have a burger of some sort. Had the shrimp/grits thing, which was awesome. Solid service. Didn't try the drinks as we were working late into the night, but they looked good!
22877	796	2013-06-25	This place is so great. I had a Spicy Buck which was wonderful and a bourbon cocktail that was also solid. I tried a cask-aged Sazerac which was also great. They also give out free whiskey, which is never a bad thing, although our corn whiskey gave off some potent fumes and tasted pretty much the same as it smelled. As for the food, I enjoyed it all, particularly the scallop and watermelon salad. All in all a very pleasant place, not in my neighborhood but I'd love to return someday.
20330	796	2013-06-19	Char No. 4 is my go to place for whiskey. The food is well prepared, properly seasoned, and comes to the table hot.  Burgers are juicy and flavorful, in particular.  The staff are pleasant and knowledgable about their products. There are 2 real stand-outs here, though. 1. Key Lime Pie.  Seriously.  It is slap-your-grandma fantastic. 2. the bar staff. The bartenders are all extremely well educated with the entire selection of whiskeys Char offers.  They are exceptionally congenial and eager to help, taking the time to listen and talk about what they are serving. The bar offers a booklet of some few hundred whiskeys they offer from Scotch to bourbon and rye, to blended whiskeys, and small batch and artisan bottles. But truly, the best way is simply to tell one of the bartenders what you are in the mood for...smoky, sweet, sharp, peaty, simple, complex, long or short finish.  They will bring a couple options and offer their opinions, then let you decide.   To their credit, even when this place gets packed, the bar staff always take the time to be attentive and relaxed with their customers. Char No. 4 is, beyond a doubt, a true gem for whiskey lovers.
97238	796	2013-06-15	I feel like this place has a lot to offer, really. But it just didn't live up to the expectations I had after reading my fellow yelpers reviews. Made reservations on open-table about an hour before we went -- easy, peasy, no problem. Seated in the dim, middle seating area (between the bar and the back room.) We were a party of four, my bf and his parents. Unfortunately we were put in a booth between 2 booths of large parties (6 each) and the noise level on either side of us was crazy. I'm not blaming the resto for this though, they can't help having loud patrons. But the back room seemed more intimate and quieter and was mostly open upon our arrival -- just something to think about! Now this, this is where they lose their first star, our server... So, he was nice enough. But he was awkward -- seemed really nervous (maybe he was new? Yes, I'll say that but I'm doubtful) and just really couldn't get the job done. He didn't welcome us to the restaurant, ask if we'd been there before, tell us what was good -- though he did tell us the specials which he described each as "really good." He took our drink order and disappeared, for the first time. When he returned, he plopped my bf's dad's Jack on the rocks in front of him (in a stemless wine glass, weird but whatevs) that contained approx. a shot of Jack and about 12 pieces of ice. And poured our beers (from cans) into glasses. I guess it was his first time pouring a beer too or he just didn't care because I got about 2 ounces of beer and the rest foam and had to wait for it to go down to pour the rest in. Thanks, I'll do it myself. Moving on, we ordered our food and an app. The app came out in reasonable time and was a special (salmon with a crem freche (sp -- im too lazy to look it up) sesame schmear on the side and some other stuff) and it was damn tasty! Then our meals came and... here's where the other star is lost. Portions, oddly inconsistent. I got like a crapload of chicked (half-chicken I think it was), my bf's dad's hangar steak portion was average, his mom's risotto size was average and then his shrimp and grits was teeny, tiny, think appetizer portion. Come on, grits cost like $.50. Now, don't yell at me because of the American obesity epidemic which says that we American's overeat and our portions are all out of whack because I don't disagree at all, however, this portion was ridiculous. And I felt bad, because he ended up eating some of my chicken and his mom's risotto and then we even considered stopping at Shake Shack on the way home. Oh and back to my chicken, they were supposed to come with bacon mashed potatoes or something like that and what I got was a legit schmear of mashed potatoes that did not taste like bacon nor could it even be considered a side. Value, not good. Beer selection, meh. Food quality, great (I forgot that... the food was actually mighty tasty.) Atmosphere, nice. Waitstaff, inattentive at-best. Would I go back? Nope, not until I've exhausted all my other possibilities in the hood.
51650	796	2013-06-10	Nice place in a still developing casual yet high end food district. Love the fact that we didn't have to get super dressed up, yet still enjoyed food that was very creative and delicious. Deep fried pork balls and cheese curds are great. I had the wild boar sausage which I had NO intention of trying when I first looked at the menu but decided to go out there a little bit and wasn't disappointed. My girlfriend had the steak with char 4 sauce...which I obvious stole...and that was solid as well. All in all, good place in a neighborhood worthy of a nice walk after a meal. Will DEFINITELY be returning for brunch.
21695	796	2013-06-09	An amazing whiskey bar with friendly staff. I've been here twice, one time for dinner and one time for happy hour drinks. The food was OK (not-vegetarian friendly) but the drinks are amazing. The bartenders are very knowledgeable about whiskey and take the time to educate you about different whiskeys. Very relaxing and friendly atmosphere. Whiskey prices are high but they're all top-shelf and will give you a nice buzz.
144970	796	2013-06-08	Excellent. It's one of my favourite places in the neighbourhood, and I take visitors here. (If it wasn't so pricy I'd be there all the time.) While I'm usually a beer kinda guy, the drinks here are well-made and interesting, and I'm usually trying something new. The Noreaster (their version of a dark and stormy?) is especially good. Food is super tasty (try the shrimp 'n' grits), expertly plated, and service is super-knowledgeable and attentive.
3472	796	2013-06-07	Great whiskey selection.  Ok service (not overly friendly or great but certainly fine).  sat at the bar and had bourbon and the green beans with a fried egg on top.  it was delightful, though beans a bit overpriced at $11.  I wouldn't order them again because of the price.  def a great place to get a drink.  like many other places in NYC the train runs under the place though so can be a bit loud.
89394	796	2013-06-04	The waiter completely forgot our appetizer we ordered and the food arrived barely warm. The half chicken tasted like salt and vinegar and nothing else. The mushrooms were most likely dried and then cooked. The only redeeming quality was our water glasses were always full.
5161	796	2013-05-23	Uhm... god, is that you? I know I've done some bad things in life and i swear her ID said 18.. wait what? Planted a very short distance from Bergen St station lies Char No.4 which i thought i died and gone to heaven when i first stepped in. Bourbon, whiskey & single malt galore and let me tell you, there is no shortage of libations here. A buddy of mine recommended we come here since he frequents the establishment every now and then. Best decision ever. With tons of choice beverage wise, i had to choose wisely. First up, Jack Daniel Unaged Rye. Not bad at all, a heavy grainy smell but had a strong taste that suited my palate. Price varies depending on brand but size always stays the same ( 1oz or 2oz glass for anything straight up). Food was a pleasant surprise. We opt'd for fried cheese curds & lamb pastrami (their special for that evening). Never had cheese curds but these were the perfect drunk food on par with mozz sticks. The pastrami had just the right amount of salty goodness and texture to make me want to order this again. Entrees as followed - Wild boar sausage with braised cabbage, sauerkraut & pickled pears - Smoked half chicken with bacon-whipped potatoes & roasted hen of the woods mushrooms - Grilled hanger steak with crispy rosemary-garlic potatoes & Char No. 4 steak sauce Inhouse Boar made sausage was slamming!!! The ratio for fat to lean was just amazing. If you're on a diet, dont' order this.. then again.. why the hell are you going out to eat if you're on a diet? cheat day? Oh.. okay (smh). We asked for the steak to be med-rare but it came out more towards the rare side. No gripes since it was a solid dish none the less. Thou if i did come back again and ordered this dish, I'd probably make sure it was med-rare otherwise would send it back. The star of the show would be.. *drumroll*.................... yeahhhhh chicken! Best freaking roasted chicken dish I've tasted in my life. No lie. Must be sprinkled with crack. Whoever made it deserves a Nobel prize, I'm serious. Thou it didn't come with hen of the woods (instead straw mushrooms), i was just content with the whole dish altogether. A bit of a hipster vibe here but who really gives a shit? If the place is cool, the food is good and you're serving whiskey.. you can count me in.
15710	796	2013-05-18	Have had a really epic meal here, they know how to style you out when they are called upon too. My usual move is some food at the bar and a whiskey or a beer. Can't remember ordering anything here I didn't like. Insane whiskey selection, cool bartenders... always busy during prime hours, more consistently than almost any place in the nabe.
85477	796	2013-05-06	I was pretty excited to go here for brunch as I'd heard and read so many good things. I made a reservation knowing that they get booked. We arrived about 20 minutes early and they told us to have a seat at the bar and that we could transfer drinks. The hostess was fairly nice, probably because that was part of her job description. I stood for a while at the bar waiting to order a drink. It took one of the other women at the bar to point out to the bartender that I'd been waiting for a while for the bartender to come over and take my order. We each got the house signature bloody mary which is made with bourbon. Different, tasty - you definitely need to like bourbon. We were finally seated about 10 minutes after our reservation time. We were walked past 4 empty tables through to the back room. Our meals included the poached eggs with bacon cheddar grits; sausage; and biscuits. The sausage is really very tasty - loved it. Easily the best part of the meal - it's well seasoned and spicy, juicy and tender. The biscuit has a very hard crust, light on the inside, and just ok. The honey almond butter on top was delicious. Overall, I can do without. The eggs were nicely poached and nestled on the bacon cheese grits. In a puddle of the poaching liquid. It wouldn't have taken too much to drain the eggs. The grits were a disaster. They had clearly burnt the cheese / scorched the pan. It was terrible and I couldn't eat it. I didn't bother complaining because service was so slow and I wasn't going to eat anymore. It was really a shame because the dish had good potential. Overall, I'm pretty disappointed with my meal and it's rather over priced.
113131	796	2013-04-26	Went for burger night last night. and it was a religious experience. This place is always on point in every way.
3492	796	2013-04-22	I came here for brunch yesterday and was incredibly impressed! We walked in on a Sunday with no reservations at around 1pm but only had to wait 5 minutes. We came with two friends originally from Kentucky so knew we were in for something good when we saw how excited they were about the sage pork sausage patties on the menu. As we were walking in, we saw people with pancakes as big as their plate and as thick as a real cake, which got us even more excited. We ordered the Char no. 4 biscuits benedict, chopped pork sandwich, egg and pork patty and pancake combo, and the sausage egg and cheese biscuit sandwich, subbing out the garlic potatoes for cheese grits. Phenomenal! The sausage patties really were something to be admired, so flavorful and perfect that I wish I had more. The grits were deliciously salty and cheesy, the pork sandwich was juicy and had such a unique barbecue mustard sauce, and the massive biscuit benedict was delicious and perfectly sopped up with the white bacon gravy. The bourbon chipotle Bloody Mary had a great kick and was an nice twist on the classic. Maybe the best brunch I've had in...ever? I'll definitely be back, for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!
144971	796	2013-04-21	If you're reading this trying to decide on a place to eat, put down your device and just go to Char No. 4.  Everything is delicious. Don't skip the biscuits and bacon gravy or the cheese grits. We licked our plates clean.
6013	796	2013-04-17	This place was fine.  Nothing special though.  The deviled eggs were smoky and delish.  The blood sausage and cabbage entree was good.  Portions are too small for the price and service was perfunctory, though our waitress is a dead ringer for Susan Sarandon.
48067	796	2013-04-15	The decor was beautiful very trendy.. Burger special with a beer and bourbon my type of place for just $22. Burger made just right juice and delicious..I did have to add extra salt but then again I'm a salt freak. . Waiters a little slow motion but pleasant. Overall good time.. Will come again..
139008	796	2013-04-14	This place has incredible brunch. Really big and really intense and really amazing. The fixed price brunch has everything you could want - especially the cheese grits. But definitely try the Biscuits Benedict. It is a biscuits and gravy lovers heaven.
144972	796	2013-04-09	Just had dinner and drinks at Char 4... I would roll around in their lamb pastrami and bath in the homemade butter pecan bourbon ice cream if they let me. Everything else in between was fantastic. I think this may be my new favorite!! Service was also top notch. Thank you for a great evening.
14502	796	2013-04-04	I cannot get enough of this place! Bourbon, steak, simple and sexy atmosphere without that overpowering masculine look a lot of places offering this cuisine have. They also have monthly specials every Wednesday that are too good to pass up! Best burger I have had in NYC.
144973	796	2013-04-01	I never, ever write reviews for anything but this place deserves it! Food -- out-of-this-world. My girlfriends and I had the sausage pork patties with 2 fried eggs, pancakes with blueberry jam + honey almond butter, and the Char no. 4 biscuits benedict. Unbelievably delicious. One friend couldn't decide what to get, so she told our waiter to surprise us... so he brought basically a small sampler of sausage pork patties and biscuits benedict for her. I wish I remembered his name (this was a couple of months ago!) but he was fantastic and all around the service from all staff was very nice!
19954	796	2013-03-26	Went here for a "date night" and had a great time. We were early for our reservation, but were sat right away. We sat in the back. Our waitress was awesome. Very nice, attentive, and knowledgeable about the whiskeys and food. In fact, my wife requested no chives or onion garnish and there were none when the food came out even though the dish -- shrimp and grits -- did have those garnishes. The back room was okay, but compared to the front it lacks the dark, char-house atmosphere. That's a small complaint, but I'd def. want to sit in the front part next time. The whiskey selection is steller. They make a pretty good Old Fashioned and didn't ruin it with muddled fruit in the bottom. (They provide the orange slice and cherry on the side.) I'm looking forward to trying this place again!
144974	796	2013-03-25	My boyfriend and I are from out of town and were looking for a nice place to celebrate his birthday.  Char no. 4 was absolutely amazing!!!!! It is in such a lively, beautiful part of Brooklyn, and has a cool and romantic ambiance.  The food was some of the best we've ever had!!  While the whiskey can be a tad pricey, the pricing on the food is fabulous.  Our entire meal was absolutely sensational!!!!.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great meal in the area.
45993	796	2013-03-23	So there's are few situations in life that will ever occur where you are completely satisfied. Char No. 4 is one of those situations. I frequent this place for a reason. EVERYTHING is good! The menu is very small, which is good because options are my kryptonite, but everything seems perfected. Also the menu is tweaked now and then, so it's great for frequent visitors!. The pancakes are phenomenal with whatever fruit topping they're serving. The drinks are interesting and tasty, which is good because regular drinks bore me. I will say that lately, the portions seem to have gotten smaller. (Yes, I complain about portions a lot. And I'm gonna keep on. Why the hell would you want to pay a big check and still be hungry??? Judgmental bastards!!) Now if you know me, (and most of you don't, you lucky bastards) you know that one condiment is considered Ambrosia. It takes a higher place in my heart than most women I've dated. It is . . . . . . . hot sauce!! And Char No. 4 makes their own spicy, delicious, savory, smoky hot sauce. Hot diggity damn, they got me. I think if Cruella DeVille made this homemade hot sauce, I'd be on Yelp looking for engagement rings. I would slap my momma for a taste. If fact, the only reason I would rub hot sauce in her eyes for another taste, is because it would be a waste of hot sauce! On that note, I will tell you to go try Char No. 4 as I pack my bags and start life with a new identity. By the time you've gotten to the end of this review, my momma will already be on a plane to NY with a death glare in her eyes that would make the devil shit his pants. Prey for me!!
144975	796	2013-03-23	Char No. 4  Rocks!   One of the most exciting menus in all five boroughs.   If you're not a  local, its worth the trip to Cobble Hill to check out the  hopping bar and restaurant scene.    Great vibe as you enter the restaurant and are greeted by an endless wall of the best Whiskey and Bourbon.   As you sit at the bar, you see an eclectic, cool, and hip crowd under a ceiling of whiskey barrel shaped lighting fixtures emitting a caramel glow to the room. Creative and smoking hot appetizers include the melt in your mouth devilled eggs, out of this world Lamb Pastrami, simply the best thick cut bacon accented with spiced cabbage and cashews.   One plate was better than the next.   We chose the hangar steak with rosemary garlic potatoes and the grilled  shrimp with grits and andouille sausage.    Spectacular!   The flavor jumps off your fork and reminds me of New Orleans best and most innovative menus.   Both  entrees were perfect portion sizes, and delicately arranged on the plate.   The desserts were out of this world.   Hands down the best homemade butter pecan ice cream anywhere.   Don't go home without trying this. Great service by an attentive and courteous staff. Very excited to return a few more times  and try the other items on the menu.
72668	796	2013-03-18	I love char no. 4 because it is the complete package: in Brooklyn, whiskey, house-cured meats, insane brunch, calming atmosphere, friendly staff, and reliable. I have been here for drinks, brunch, and dinner. I have yet to be disappointed. During my most recent brunch excursion here, I ordered the eggs, sausage, and pancakes. Sounds pretty standard, right? Nothing is standard here. The eggs were real and fried so that the yolks were still runny. The sausage was house made and tasted fresh, savory, salty, but not too heavy. A bit of sausage with the egg made my eyes well up with tears. The pancakes?? I mean seriously, almond butter syrup. The pancakes were the ideal break from the salty egg and sausage combo. My friend ordered the biscuit sandwich. Homemade biscuit with the same sausage with potatoes on the side. I tried to finish his meal too because the biscuit had the right amount of sweetness to complement the egg/sausage combo. If I could eat that sandwich everyday when I woke up, I totally would. Go here. Eat here. Drink here. Bring all of your friends here and maybe even your parents a when they visit your from the Midwest - well, that's what I did at least.
2026	796	2013-03-17	Went for brunch today. Even when you make reservations, be prepared to wait a bit.  This is a nondescript bourbon bar.  Menu is a little over-priced with entrees ranging from $12-24 and drinks from $8-10.  Food was good, but not tastebud-blowing.  I had the goat cheese red pepper omelette, but the egg was more rubbery flat than fluffy.  The roasted potatoes were nice and crispy and the homemade hot sauce was flavorful, though lacking kick.  My $4 buttermilk biscuit side took the form of cornbread and was tiny.  Skip the fried cheese and meat appetizers...they are bland and meant more for curing hangovers.  The best thing going here are the courteous servers, and that will keep me coming back.
2904	796	2013-03-17	A little taste of the South, tucked away in Brooklyn.  First off, the Spicy Buck is a little taste of heaven, bourbon and a spicy homemade ginger ale, that tingles the back of your tongue and warms your chest.  Although we'd made reservations, we passed on the table and decided to sit at the bar, staring at their massive bourbon selection and chatting with the bartender.   For starters we shared the wild mushroom soup (courteously placed in 2 bowls) which was creamy and filled with huge hen of the woods mushrooms.  The lamb pastrami was fantastic with pickled onions and a spicy mustard!  (my friend picked up another order to take home to her boyfriend...that's how great it was!).  We shared the shrimp and grits and the broccoli rabe side.  The serving of rabe was a little sparse but the bacon was fantastic. The shrimp and grits were quite good, but didn't match up to my Atlanta favorites (but I'm in BK, so it's all good).     Overall a great dinner experience. The desserts looked tasty but we preferred to drink our dessert in the form of another Spicy Buck. Cheers!
6597	796	2013-03-08	This place seems to be the ultimate hangout for pretentious hipsters, which sucks, but I can't help but keep coming back. Because the food is SOOOO good. Everything I had here has been delicious. Brunch, dinner, bar eats, I haven't had a miss yet (fingers crossed). They also have monthly and seasonal specials which are great too. I've had their chili and it was fantastic. And for what it's worth, while dining at the back of the restaurant isn't much of a treat (servers are less friendly, and you'll usually end up seated next to a table full of loud hipsters soaking in their own aura of self-importance), the front of the restaurant by the bar is really cool. The bartenders are friendly and give good recommendations and the front seats are great for people watching. Prices are a little high but that's typical of the neighborhood. And of course you must go if you are a fan of whiskey!
7541	796	2013-03-08	I don't care about cocktail culture, and the difference between a bourbon doesn't particularly matter to me. We had some of the fried pork meatballs and duck something. The entrees seemed better, on other people's tables, and I am more comfortable with the prices at lunchtime. Overpriced? I guess not for the neighborhood.
3487	796	2013-03-04	Enjoyed the holiday brunch on President's Day. I love a place with legit southern-style white gravy on the menu. So, I ordered biscuits Benedict. It was lukewarm, unfortunately, but tasted incredible. So, I forgive them. My friend's shrimp & grits (which I fervently encouraged him to get) was under-whelming. Kinda bland and definitely small. Prices seem steep, and inconsistent serving size. He craved more of his, but I couldn't finish mine. Service was wonderful. Because a bourbon Bloody Mary didn't sound *great* to me, they so kindly obliged to make a traditional Bloody Mary. And I always had full coffee. I'd like to come back, but I would hope to leave more satisfied.
144976	796	2013-03-04	I'm basing this review solely on Brunch. So I went in for a pre-birthday brunch with some girlfriends and was a little underwhelmed (based on Yelp reviews). The place is really cute but TIGHT keep your parties to 5 max. One friend wanted the omelet but wanted to sub cheddar for the goat cheese and was told they couldn't because the cheddar was chunks (no way to melt cheddar chunks??) I got a the Sage Sausage with poached eggs and pancakes and another friend just got pancakes the sausage was GREAT but the pancakes on MY plate looked like pebbles compared to my friend's which were 3 HUGE, fluffy pancakes. WHY the difference was all I kept asking?? Ihop does better than this. The dinner menu looked much better so I would say just wait. The drinks are precisely measured so do NOT expect a strong drink, your better of with a straight up but the Norester was tasty.
23380	796	2013-02-24	They have a bourbon cocktail with habanero pepper.  I repeat: They have a bourbon cocktail with habanero pepper. We decided to pop in here as a stop along the way on a friend's birthday excursion.  While they do have a seated area in the back, we decided to stay up front since we would only be spending about an hour or so there.  The waiter quickly gave us a menu and I noticed ALL the bourbon bottles lined up neatly behind the bar.  I love a place that makes a solid bourbon cocktail.  The first thing that caught my eye was the hot toddy but since those typically put me to sleep, I decided to go for the Bourbon Bonnet instead.  This thing looks harmless but it packs a punch, spice-wise.  Pineapple juice, habanero pepper, and lime.  It was spicy but in an absolutely wonderful way.  Even those of you who dislike bourbon but love spice would ultimately end up falling in LURRRVE with this cocktail. Overall, this place is very nice and classy-looking.  The prices are decent for what you get.  The food looked tasty, too.  I'll probably be back sometime to check that out, also. Pepper!  Spicy cocktails!  Oh my!
6609	796	2013-02-22	If you like whiskey and meat, this place is heaven.* I've tried the rabbit-three-ways entree special, my brother's wild board sausage, the bar snacks, the salad, and the crab cake. None of them are "light" (except maybe the salad but even that's big), but everything has been delicious. I've enjoyed sampling from their many bourbons too. The bartenders are really nice and do a great job of exposing you to things you haven't tried. The only thing I would recommend is try to request that they don't seat you in the back room. I have no idea what's going on there. It looks like maybe it's under renovation? It's not nearly as pleasant and welcoming feeling as the rest of the restaurant. *If you do not like whiskey or meat, you can still find something to eat/drink, but I think you will be missing out on the best parts of Char.
72258	796	2013-02-18	I've been here twice--once for late evening drinks and snacks, and once again for dinner.  Not disappointed either time. The cheese curds are crazy fabulous, and the charcuterie board was great too.  My lamb shank with white beans was perfectly done.  The hubby's shrimp and grits was good, but not great...seemed to be missing a bit of tang.  And my rye sidecar (my absolutely most favorite drink) had bits of ice floating in it, both times.  It was good, but could've been awesome without that ice. All in all, it's a place I'd definitely go back to when I'm in the mood for meat and whiskey.
63100	796	2013-02-17	YUM. Today was my first time there, but I will definitely be back. The staff was super friendly and attentive, and the brunch was crazy good. I had the poached egg, ham, potatoes, biscuit with almond butter, grits, blueberry pancake, and a mimosa. And if I had had room to eat every bite, I would have!
144977	796	2013-02-17	Sad about this - but the eggs benedict (brunch) are the worst I have ever had. Hands down.
100964	796	2013-02-13	I really had high expectations due to a recommendation from a "foodie" colleague of mine.  The service was pretty reliable but the food wasn't anything I'd come back for.
144978	796	2013-02-03	underwhelming.  nothing really sold me on this menu, but the whiskey selection was one of the best in cobble hill/brooklyn heights/carrol gardens.  if you're going for drinks, it's great, but i'd stay away from most of the food, unfortunately.  sub-par for the area.
116470	796	2013-01-23	Bacon and Bourbon. How can you not love this place?
122509	796	2013-01-21	I've been here numerous times with my friends. Although the portions were a lot smaller than the last time I was at Char No.4, brunch was still delicious: eggs, sausage, pancakes with blueberries and almond butter; with bacon & cheese grits. Moderate pricing and good service.
38284	796	2013-01-18	Ah, a whiskey-lover's place.  With an excellent list of options to pair with your meal or enjoy at the bar, this is a good place to try different whiskeys you may have heard of but don't want to shell out for a whole bottle yet. When sitting at the bar, the bartender was not too forthcoming on particular whiskeys to try, but was nice enough.  Service got spottier as the night went on, but wasn't so bad as to become a big deal or anything.  I was able to get just what I wanted:  a chance to unwind and enjoy some new varieties before venturing back out into the chilly air. I returned another evening for dinner, and had the hanger steak with a manhattan.  I'd ordered it medium but it came out closer to medium rare/rare in the center...I think in this case the cook knew better than I, because it was wonderful: lightly seasoned and delicious.  The potatoes that came with it were pretty good, and the manhattan was nicely strong and went very well with the flavors of the meal.  Service was very attentive and everything made for a very nice meal.  Only detractor was the noise level, which even on a weekday was quite loud, but I suppose diners are just trying to hear each other over that smooth, smoky whiskey.
104896	796	2013-01-09	Bourbon and beef.  Excellent waitstaff.  Nice atmosphere, nabe.  Go.
24550	796	2013-01-06	Let me just say this - I'm southern; I know grits, and Char No. 4's seriously disappointed me. I can tell they use good quality grain, but they were SO unforgivably under-seasoned, along with the rest of my dish. Our server was kind of absent, so I considered 3 stars, but gave 4 because the rest of the food and drink we ordered was so good I smacked my palms on the table and scared our neighbors. We went for brunch around 1 and it was a mad house--for good reason. They have an incredible wall packed with every kind of whiskey you never knew existed, and they know how to use 'em. I had a brilliant bourbon cocktail with grapefruit juice, mint, lime, and honey. My date had the bourbon mary, and the pork sandwich with AMAZING mustard BBQ sauce, and baked beans that put my Texan dad's to shame (sorry, dad!). This girl will be back, y'all.
144979	796	2012-12-31	I love this place. The food is original and seriously delicious. The decor is welcoming and tastefully modern. The wait staff is as friendly, engaging and knowledgeable as you could want. Their expertise in bourbon is incredible as is the supply on hand. A true gem that I'm a bit reluctant to expose to e outside world for fear of it being overrun by tourists.
59730	796	2012-12-30	Have walked by many times but never paused until a friend suggested and made reservations, and it was a great choice. In short, Char No. 4 was  impressive across the board: attractive room and comfortable noise level, check; vast selection of bourbon, check; welcoming and accommodating staff, check; well prepared, delicious food from the kitchen, check. After four courses and a flight of bourbons, even the check was reasonable. Check!
24425	796	2012-12-28	Stopped in here after a couple hours of Xmas shopping in the area. We came in a bit early, around 5:30pm, just after their kitchen had closed until dinner at 6pm. We sat at the bar and enjoyed a drink while perusing the menu. We had the thick cut bacon and the pork balls, both of which were tasty. The one item on the menu that really caught my eye was the shrimp and grits however unfortunately the kitchen was not prepared to cook it that night (or at that time?) alas. I settled for the pulled pork sandwich which I thoroughly enjoyed. My companion had the risotto which she liked, albeit she makes the best risotto in the world, so that done at a restaurant will inevitably fall short. I liked Char No. 4 a lot and really want to get some shrimp and grits there. I could easily see myself sitting at the bar on a cold winter night, drinking bourbon to my hearts content...
3523	796	2012-12-26	This is my favorite restaurant on Smith Street. I have been here a handful of times and am never let down. It may not be cheap, but hey we all deserve a treat sometimes! They have an extensive whiskey collection (well, it is a whiskey bar) and a great Wednesday night special-for $22 you get the special of the month, a beer and a taste of whiskey. If only I could ever limit myself to just that. Inevitably I order a cocktail (they are all good in their own way but if you like sweet a Kentucky Royale will do the trick) and the food is simply put high quality. The servers are informative and friendly, they have big booths that you could probably fit 6 at. The food is based on some southern classics but definitely have their own modern twist. Great jambalaya, and jambalaya rice balls (that concept still amazes me). the thick cut bacon will leave you wanting more... I didn't think it was vegetarian friendly but my friend had some real thick smoothy risotto.. Come here for a drink at the bar, stay for food and drop some cash on a satisfying meal that you deserve!
10483	796	2012-12-12	Four Reasons to Love Char No. 4: 1) Pork Nuggets (so good we ordered it twice) 2) the Spicy Buck (Thank you Char No. 4 for turning my boyfriend into a bourbon monster) 3) Thick-cut Bacon 4) Hanger Steak
27352	796	2012-12-09	I would describe the food at Char No. 4 as well executed, yet familiar. After shopping around Smith Street yesterday, we decided to stick around to eat (half because we were hungry and half because we were avoiding returning to Williamsburg, thanks to a lack of G train this weekend). We were walking around looking for something new to try when I pointed out the decor of this restaurant, to which my boyfriend exclaimed that that was Char No. 4 and it had gotten great reviews. So we looked at the menu and decided to give it a go. When we got in, around 6pm, we were told that they had too many reservations and could only sit either at a table until 7:30, or take our time at the bar. We went for the bar and we were glad that we did, the atmosphere in the front of the restaurant was really warm and relaxing, there's a huge wall of whiskey and overall it was just a nice change. Behind this particular bar was one very knowledgable older bartender, who brought over several bottles of whiskey to explain some options to us. I decided to go with the Bourbon 'Ting cocktail, Jack Daniels whiskey, Ting Jamaican grapefruit soda, and jerk bitters. It was a smooth cocktail in terms of whiskey aftertaste, but left a really interesting spice-burn from the jerk bitters instead. It was great. There is only whiskey there (or wine or beer), and their fare is predominantely pork-based. Now, what I thought was the best all night was actually the thick cut bacon, served with toasted almonds and pickeled apples and applesauce. The flavor and consistency is like a meeting of pork-belly and bacon, on crack. The flavor and consistency, along with the flavors of the almonds and apples was out of this world. Char No. 4 also has a bar snack, pork nuggets, which is like a ground and deep fried bacon meatball, in their house hot sauce, which tasted uncannily familiar to Peter Luger's sauce, some hot pepper, and a couple of other recognizable flavors, it was good. What we really wanted to order was the shrimp and grits, a dish of chili-marinated shrimp in corn-hominy grits with andouille sausage and poblano pepper sauce. Unfortunately we were told the shrimp hadn't been marinated for long enough at that point (why not?) and so we couldn't order that. We went instead with the pulled pork sandwhich (great) and the pumpkin risotto. It was undercooked, as most risottos usually are, given that rarely is a risotto properly prepared, and I thought that the pumpkin chunks in the risotto also could have been a lot more cooked, they were hard and interrupted the consistency. The toasted pumpkin seeds on top were a great addition however. I also had to salt and pepper my dish, which I never do. They need to work on that dish a bit. Overall, I suppose that I would recommend this restaurant, although it is a bit pricey. I'd be curious to see how they develop themselves in the future, and would maybe go back to see somewhere down the line if they've improved.
15967	796	2012-12-08	Wow. Really yum. Yum salmon salad. Yum eggs Benedict. Ok cheese grits. Homemade biscuits yum. Cool vibe. Q.E.D.
5732	796	2012-12-07	Recently went back for dinner with a friend.  The occasion? Jambalaya Wednesdays ( at least for the month of December), which means a nice helping of tasty jambalaya (bacon, sausage and chicken bits with 3  shrimps and 3 cherrystones), an IPA, and a shot of Rittenhouse for under $25 bucks!  We added in the fried pork nuggets (little breaded kernels of ground pork which are rather average when sober, though I am sure they are pretty marvelous while tipsy!) to add the requisite dose of grease to our dinner.  One of the best deals in town.
144980	796	2012-12-03	The food is good. You won't feel full or like you had an outterbody experience, but you will be satisfied. The brunch cocktails are amazing! Great selection of bourbon if you're into that. The food came out quickly and tasted good. Service was lacking. Our waiter was completely uninterested in our table or if we were taken care of. I don't know if he was having a bad day, or that's just him. I went one time before and the service much better. So I guess just hope you get a cheerful server :)
11885	796	2012-11-28	Delicious brunch. Fantastic pancakes, sausage, and awesome breakfast sandwiches (including the pulled pork).
118475	796	2012-11-04	Really really enjoyed Char No. 4 and can't wait to go back. The vibe and the crowd is exactly the way this part of Brooklyn is meant to feel. ---snacks--- cheese curds    8/10 pork nuggets    6/10 ---entree--- skirt steak w/ potatoes   9/10 ---cocktails--- nor'easter   7/10 Jamaican ting  10/10
140287	796	2012-11-03	The thing that makes Char No. 4 different from all other restaurants is the notable whiskey list. Our food was excellent and the table service was outstanding, but our overall experience was negatively impacted before we even sat down. For some odd reason, Char No. 4 has a policy that if you make a reservation, all members of the party must be present to be seated. Now this would be acceptable if we were talking about Outback Steakhouse, but Char No. 4 attempts to be a high end establishment. It just puts a bad taste in your mouth when you have to stand until everyone arrives especially after you had a long day at work. So if you have a reservation, make sure everyone arrives on time or else you'll be standing very uncomfortably!
3264	796	2012-11-03	Great place to go into a meat and bourbon coma! As soon as our group walked in after a recent Yelp event all I could think about was getting a bourbon cocktail and some tasty bbq. INTO MAH BELLAH! Attractive decor and set up. Not necessarily large but more than enough booths with a nice bar area and dim mood lighting. They offer a terrific bourbon, scotch, and whiskey list, along with a small but quality cocktail list. Good service too! Started with a cocktail - Sazerac (Rittenhouse Rye, sugar, bitters, absinthe) - which turned into two and a good buzz! For dinner I went with the Grilled Hanger Steak with crispy rosemary-garlic potatoes & Char No. 4 steak sauce. It was a suggestion of the waitress and hot damn was it deeee-lish! So perfectly cooked, juicy, and moist. The potatoes were also very good. As a group we also had a bunch of appetizers for the table, and tried a bite of each other plates. I can honestly say that all the food here is pretty dang tasty. The bourbon/whiskey list is impressive. The vibe is chill with an upscale feel. Prices are on par with this type of menu but not a really cheap dinner either, so be prepared to spend a bit. It's a good spot to bring a date but make sure he/she is not a vegan. If they are you'll have to kick them out and enjoy all the great meat here by yourself! Hey, you can always get another date.
25274	796	2012-10-31	Enjoyed a very nice dinner at Char no.4. I made Sat night reservations for two at 8:00. We arrived a few minutes early but were greeted and seated immediately. The restaurant was packed. I think every seat besides our reserved table was full. We sat in the back, waiter came over quickly for drinks. He was very friendly, and knew alot about bourbon so i asked a bunch of questions and got some good info. My wife and i had fried green tomatoes, they were pretty good. She had the crab cake and i had the house cured lamb pastrami. The crab cake was very good and the pastrami was so good i ordered it after the meal to go so i could eat it the next day. She had the hanger steak, it was tender and delicious. I had the shrimp and grits and it was also very good. Nice stiff drinks, very good service and nice and comfortable, will def be back soon!  oh and i also had the butter pecan ice cream and it was very good!
6577	796	2012-10-29	Char No 4 is the bomb dot com. I was introduced to it by a friend who lives in the area and it - was - delightful. Don't let the staggering whiskey menu fool you, this colorful Brooklyn restaurant specializes in food and flavor. I sampled the fried green tomatoes, scallops with gooseberries, half chicken (smoky and delicious), ice cream sandwich, and a 2 oz. glass of Larceny (a $10 bourbon) and enjoyed it all to no end. Plus, relative to other New York establishments, the cost was reasonable. I recommend that you, yeah YOU, go here. It's good for a date, an introduction to the city, or a ridiculous evening of spirits with friends. Enjoy.
144981	796	2012-10-24	Loved the Louisville Sunset and the fried pork nugget snacks!!
144982	796	2012-10-22	I recently hosted a surprise dinner for 11 people at Char No 4 to celebrate my husband's 30th.  We'd been there several times for dinner and brunch and had always had delicious meals and great experiences, but I'm not a big reviewer.  However, I felt I had to give them an amazing review for the level of service and amazing food we were served.  From the back-and-forth planning of a prix fixe menu all the way through to the tableside service, everything was high-quality in a way I find you don't often get in Brooklyn.  Food was served in a timely fashion and they regularly came back to get new drink orders (particularly impressive because it was a prix fixe open bar, so it wasn't because it was in their interest to keep racking up the drink tab!)  Lastly, everything was DELICIOUS. I would have recommended Char before but now I recommend it wholeheartedly, especially if you want to do a laid-back, but well-executed big group dinner!
27977	796	2012-10-16	If the smell of smoked meats wafting into the streets is tempting, I think you should walk passed this Smith Street Gem frequently. After an elite event nearby, a small group of us decided to pay this spot a visit on a random weekday night. The whisky/scotch/bourbons offerings are impressive and tho my knowledge of booze is of the novice level, i too, can appreciate the extensive list provided. I was told to try the grits. So when i went to order, i saw they were only offered during brunch. WHY!?!?! So i ordered the smoked chicken. and agreed to split my meal with Phil who was ordering the steak. If i could do it all over again, I would probably forgo the chicken. The smoked chicken was tasty but it was remniscent of kielbasa which doesnt really impress me. However,  the steak was cooked perfectly and was juicy as hell. I would definitely go back for some steak with my carnivorous boyfriend.
49562	796	2012-10-14	Loved it - Dinner was excellent (especially the smoked chicken) and they make a great Manhattan.  I will definitely be back.
970	796	2012-10-07	quality, if a little salty. thick breading masked the delicate flavor and kind of missed the point of fried green tomatoes. smoked half-chicken is a good reason to order chicken in a restaurant. pork nuggets were surprisingly delicate (shredded pork). loved the noreaster (bourbon with ginger beer, lime, and maple syrup). look forward to trying brunch here!
19968	796	2012-10-01	I've done it all here. I've been 'that person' who just sits at the bar, drinking a whiskey drink, waiting for a friend. I've been 'that person' who dines like there's no tomorrow ("Another order of your cheese curds, good sir!"). I've been 'that person' who sits with friends in the front window, making fun of passerby's as they ... pass by. ("Nice shoes," I've guffawed, with a swig of my Chipotle Bloody Mary.) Which is to say, Char No. 4 will not disappoint your intended mission. You can easily kill an entire afternoon here. Perhaps controversially, I will say that the cocktails kick a**, while the food only kicks butt (the cocktails are just a little more realized than some of the entrees, but why quibble?). I wasn't a huge whiskey fan before Char No. 4, and now I grab the drinks menu with reckless abandon. They made me a believer. My favorite edible something-something, by far, are the aforementioned cheese curds. Addictive. Soft, spicy, everythingness. I become a bit sloppy eating them. ("Sorry, what were you saying? I was just busy eating my cheese curd right now.") If you'd ever told me that someone could take something with the name CURD and make it addictive, I would've told you to walk back and forth outside of Char No 4 whilst I make fun of you in the front window. To Die For. The prices however, could kill you. Sorry, I just think that $32 for pork chop is excessive. I think $23 for half of a chicken is a near-outrage (what happens to the other half? Do I get a discount if I order a whole one?). I think $11 for bacon and peaches is interesting, like having a magazine dedicated to golf. So, yes, spend the day here. It's easy to do and your taste buds will thank you. Your wallet, however, will think you're nuts.
48378	796	2012-09-28	Oy oy oy... I really wanted to like this place. Came once for brunch and it was okay. Decided to come back for dinner a few weeks ago and it was awful. We got the pork nuggets thinking, hey, how can you go wrong with pork nuggets? My boyfriend selected a nice big plump one from the pile, popped it in his mouth, and then promptly spat out the frozen solid center. We told the server that it was frozen - he took the plate and went to get us another serving! We didn't want to see those things ever again and had to tell him to please don't bring another pile of frozen nuggets to us. Then we got our entrees. I got the hanger steak and he got the chicken. Or should I say that we both had SALT with sides of beef and chicken? That seems more accurate. I felt myself dehydrating with each bite and could barely make a dent from fear of passing out.
6696	796	2012-09-25	For the latest session of the South Brooklyn Drunk Slurpper Club, my party of 5 went to Char No. 4. Our resident hot mess was nearly 40 minutes late, but the kind staff seated us anyway. We shared a variety of snacks from pork nuggets, to cheese curds, to the special house-cured lamb carpaccio, and enjoyed every morsel. I had a healthy pour of Rose ($9, not too shabby) and a complimentary shot of Bourbon from a distillery who was offering a promotion that night. (I added a healthy splash of water and some ice, because I'm a gin-lady by nature). My friend and I opted to share the  hanger steak (perfectly cooked to a juicy pink medium, with a side of highly addictive potatoes), and the shrimp and grits. The steak was definitely the standout. The shrimp was quite good, plump and perfectly cooked, but the grits were somewhat bland. To be fair, I haven't been satisfied with any order of grits since my visit to South Carolina, where the politics are questionable but the grits are damned delicious. The meal was not cheap, but for the quality and variety of meat we consumed made the experience well worth the price and and subsequent stomach ache.
7920	796	2012-09-23	very good. we made a reservation and got a super comfy and private booth. loved the food and drinks. all around great experience.
144983	796	2012-09-20	just moved to area and have been trying out different restaurants over the last few wks. Char No. 4 is easily the best spot I've found thus far.  Had the fried green tomatoes, pork nuggets, and pork tenderloin special - everything was so rich, flavorful, and delicious.  I'll definitely be going back as much as possible.
19990	796	2012-09-14	Char No. 4 is a very solid brunch option.  Just make sure you come hungry.  It looks kind of dark inside, but the back dining room is actually rather bright and airy.  If you're nursing a hangover, you can stick to the main dining room or bar area.  Waitstaff were all nice and attentive, and they were playing a pretty good 90s alt rock mix, so I was happy from the get-go.  I started out with a bourbon bloody mary, garnished with a house-made pickle.  It sounded really weird, but it was actually surprisingly good!  It had a bit of a smoky flavor and reminded me of a michelada.  I had poached eggs over cheese grits.  The grits were a little more watery then I like to make them, but the flavor was right on.  It was generally delicious.  The hubs enjoyed his lamb pastrami hash, which was a special.  The only thing we remarked on was that we both would've liked a little slice of toast or something.  Both our dishes were very heavy and we could've used a little something to balance it out.  I also had a few bites of the fried cheese curds- pretty good but pretty dang greasy.  I experienced the kind of bloat I usually only feel after a meal in New Orleans, so it seems like authentic Southern food to me.
3504	796	2012-09-10	Char No. 4 has gradually supplanted several contenders to become what I'd call my favorite brunch in NYC. The stunning quality on repeated visits has won me over completely. I cannot imagine a better way to obliterate a hangover than glaring up at the enormous bourbon selection (one of whom is most likely the reason I feel horrible) as I sip on that spicy Chipotle Bourbon Bloody Mary (the pickle makes it) and wait for the absolute pinnacle of brunch deliciousness. Bring one other lucky soul, and order two dishes. 1. The bacon cheddar grits are a must. Pressing those perfectly poached eggs until they explode into the creamy, buttery grits and then stirring the yolks in with just a bit of homemade hot sauce...it's absurdly satisfying, and unbelievably tasty. 2. The only brunch options anywhere that can contend with those grits are (A) the Biscuits Benedict and (B) the Char Slam. With regard to (A): Hollandaise and mediocre English muffins are the downfall of most Benedicts, and Char No 4 replaces these with bacon gravy and biscuits, respectively. C'mon now. On the menu, (B) may read "sage-pork sausage patty, two fried eggs & pancakes with blueberry jam & honey-almond butter," but the check tells the truth. In fact, this is The Truth. This is a Slam worthy of Onyx. The sausage is thick and flavorful, the eggs as good as fried eggs get, and the pancakes are downright decadent. They are a mini-stack of the HUGE portion available on their own, and they are sublime. They've got maple syrup if you want it, but the fresh blueberry jam and the honey almond butter render it completely unnecessary. Add an order of the crispy potatoes with green onion & garlic to any of these, and this will be the best brunch of your life. And while people all over NYC wait in line for inferior food, if you get there by 11 am on a Saturday I'm willing to bet you can waltz right in and grab a seat at the bar.
4684	796	2012-09-04	Order the smoked chicken!  It was unreal...Juicy and flavorful!  It tasted like a chicken banged a smoked ham...Smokey mmmmmm...Nice smoke ring and dericious pink meat! Lamb pastrami was good, shrimp and grits were good, bacon and peaches were good, pork chop was goooooood! Dessert was dope! Key lime pie, chocolate cheesecake and bourbon pecan ice cream...Yeah I liked this place
105841	796	2012-09-04	My bosom buddy & I split an appetizer (fried cheese curds) and an entree (grilled hanger steak with rosemary potatoes). A moan of delight escaped when having that first bite of steak. This is the way Yelp Gods intended for meat to be cooked - not overly spiced with a deliciously pink center. Our server Ciara / Kiera (not too sure on the spelling) was informative (thanks for the Buffalo Exchange tip!) and warm. Her dessert suggestion was spot on - the ice cream sandwiches with bourbon-caramel dipping sauce were scrumptious. Equally palatable was my friend's ginger beer cocktail. My only regret is that I did not order one too.
5811	796	2012-09-02	Their cocktails are the bomb. I'm a fan of their Louiseville Sunset! The place is dimly lit with comfy booths and friendly waitresses to keep you and your party happy.
1011	796	2012-09-01	This place was totally empty when we came in for lunch (Lunch is only served on Fridays). Pretty good prix-fixe deal for $19. -- boyfriend ordered the chilled tomato basil soup of the day, which was probably the highlight of the meal, the chili shrimp with grits, and we got a rum-caramel ice cream for dessert. I had the pork sandwich. Large portions, Southern flavors, and reasonably well-priced. I'll have to come back for brunch.
2441	796	2012-08-31	Went for an early dinner on a Saturday - just walked right with two girlfriends and sat at the bar. Great atmosphere, people were friendly and fun, including the bartender. Tried a few plates to share and a mindblowing bloody mary (whisky, not vodka). Wine pours were good too. None of the food was amazing - it all sounded really good, and tasted good, but there was nothing that blew my mind. Faro risotto special was the best - shrimp and grits was very good - pastrami was delicious as well. Plates weren't huge either, considering the price. Beautiful space. Would def go back, but nothing to rave about.
9490	796	2012-08-27	We walked into this place not knowing what to expect. The bar seemed cute and intimate. The food here is good and hearty. They pay attention to small details like pepper on a little dish is cute. Def recommended.
144984	796	2012-08-27	We dined at Char 4 and found the appetizers to outshine the main course.  The pastrami appetizer, the beet salad, and the peach dessert were delicious.  The hangar steak was good, but nothing I hadn't experienced before.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive, but the atmosphere itself was bland.  When you arrive the bar really stands out, it's quite beautiful, but the brown walls made for a dull environment.
79181	796	2012-08-22	The food is absolutely gorgeous. It is not the cheapest restaurant but I think it is great value for the quality of the products (as well as the quantity). You won't get disappointed by anything, even the desserts. Usually the desserts are the weak parts, being too common and too sweet. This time, you'll get surprise that anything they have to offer. Very pleasant service. Great cocktails. Try out the brunches as well, very nice too. My only negative point is that it is VERY NOISY in the evenings. For some reasons, people shout while they stand next to each other so you also have to shout in order to have a conversation and it makes the whole room quite noisy.
2954	796	2012-08-19	One of the first places that made me appreciate Brooklyn. I came here a few years back and returned recently for afternoon drinks and some appetizers. The whiskey list is impressive, the cocktails are very tasty and the food is as well. I'd like to return for a full meal soon
130536	796	2012-08-16	I love whiskey to death, I love trying different whiskeys from everywhere in the world....so I loved this place because it had a shit load of whiskey! The service was excellent and the place was packed with a friendly mature crowd. I had a few apps which were pretty good expecially the pastrami. The next time I head back there( very soon) i will surely try to sample the rest of the menu which seemed very appealing.
3404	796	2012-08-02	A hearty brunch and the abundance of scotch selections has made me come here at least 3 times a month in the past year and a half. I can never decide on whether to ordder the eggs benedict or the biscuit breakfast sandwich, and there has been times were I would just order both (don't judge!)! I also would usually order a side of the smoked and fried pork nuggets (yes I do share it with everyone else!). If Scotch isn't your cup of tea, I highly recommend giving the Noreaster or Spicy Buck a try. Just a heads up the biscuit can be quite filling if not handled properly!
20331	796	2012-07-30	steak! get the steak, get the pork nuggets, get a manhattan . . . perhaps in the opposite order.  also throw in a flight of whiskey. add in some key lime pie if you must, actually you should. then find a way onto their mailing list and get the downlow on wednesday night specials. 5 stars, I have never not enjoyed a meal here and there have been several.
20171	796	2012-07-27	Just had dinner here and was blown away. The exterior looks a little questionable but the interior is gorgeous. My friend and I started with the fried green tomatoes and chilled bay scallop and watermelon salad with champagne-honey vinaigrette & cilantro. The watermelon salad was light and refreshing. I'm seriously going to try to replicate it some time soon. For entree's we had a special short ribs (pork) dish and chile marinated shrimp with sweet corn-hominy grits & scallions. Everything was seasoned properly and plated beautifully. Our waiter was cute, tanned, and awesome. The restrooms were single rooms and tight (small) as hell but whateves. My only negative was the drink. I had the "Louisville" something or other and it was a bit watered down. I'll def be back :-)
3390	796	2012-07-23	Great entrees:  We ordered the Pork Chop, which was the most tender pork chop I have ever tasted.  Skirt steak was perfectly flavored and tender as well. Mediocre appetizers: smoked thick cut bacon - too little, cured lamb pastrami - too salty, chilled bay scallop and watermelon salad - my favorite out of the 3 Chocolate cheese cake was not memorable. I do love the simple yet warm decor and great wait staff!
3332	796	2012-07-21	Skirt steak = executed very well, house steak sauce was delicious. Roasted potatoes were just okay. Companion had salmon and sautéed black kale which was perfectly done. Quality, patient whiskey tasting - bartender took time to talk with us quite a bit about the tailored tastings we received.
52836	796	2012-07-17	I don't do whiskey. My forefathers (meaning my grandfather and mom) have drank enough of it to last me about 17 lifetimes. And when a place is the last stop of your night, it's not always easy to remember how awful/awesome it is. But I do remember liking the feeling of this place. Dark with cool lighting. A nice long table to sit and drunkenly stare out the front window at other drunks walking down the street. Had a nice glass of rosé. It was $9. Not sure if it was the overt fanciness of the place that made it that pricey or the pretentious, unnecessary douchbaggery of the area. If I'm back around, I'll stop in for a nightcap. Food menu looked bomb, but kitchen was closed long before I stumbled in around 2a.
2466	796	2012-07-13	This place was great.  We had the bacon appetizer and tomato soup.  So tasty.  The hanger steak was perfect.  I just wished we tried this place sooner.  The services was great and our server was very attentive.
8571	796	2012-07-11	As George Dubya says, Fool me once.... I've been putting off reviews until long after I've eaten at the place, which makes for a pretty vague review or a pretty honest one as you either remember the food as being great or regrettable. I remember the food being too expensive and too bland. We were a party of 3 with high hopes, but weren't impressed. We ordered the pork nuggets with spicy sauce which honestly could be a public school kid's daily lunch. Enough said. The cheesy curds were mediocre. And the entrees were forgettable.
1275	796	2012-07-08	With all due respect to the kitchen, this place should be best known for its amazing selection of American spirits.  In particular, brown liquors from states where banjo music should make you tighten the belt and stand up straighter. That's right:  whiskey.  whisky.  bourbon.  They have an amazing selection of Southern spirits.  I was there on a date but found the bartender more interesting to speak with, given his encyclopedic knowledge of bevs.  That said, my date got cuter after each sampling. And that's the best part... just about everything is available in a 1 OZ size, so you can take a couple of sips and see what you like without investing a small fortune, though you might still spend a small fortune given their selection of premium spirits and fine foods.   I suppose you can go there for a typical dinner and sit in a booth.  But you are probably better served - conceptually - sitting at the bar where you can peck at the plethora of bottle-encased pleasures.   In other words... you can go to many places and do a little wine or beer tasting.  But if you want to kick things up a notch and have a much more robust experience, Char No 4 will put hair on your chest and fire in the belly. Or in the case of my date:  hair on the chest and belly.  But she had a nice personality.
41725	796	2012-07-03	1 Star for Quality of the food and 1 Star for being in the heart of Smith Street You can get a heart attack just reading the menu ... if you find something you like ... it will take forever to get to you ... In the interim ... you are likely to be surrounded by a table of frat house boys whooping and hollering and having fun ... good for them ... but bad for you if you want to have a semi-quiet meal ... We had to move our table it was that loud ... The food was OK ... nothing to rave about ... and unfortunately we heard only raves so we expected alot more than we we got ... Now if someone said this place was OK ... we would have expected less and been happier ... the food was decent enough if you like what they serve.
144985	796	2012-06-28	1st off, Kiki our server was simply amazing. When you dine here I hope you get to experience her. 2nd, the food was even better. For dinner we got: Smoked & fried pork nuggets with Char No. 4 hot sauce /4 Crispy cheddar curds with spicy pimento sauce /8 House smoked thick cut bacon with marinated cherry tomato, fava bean & grilled spring onion aioli /11 Grilled Berkshire pork chop with smoked onion puree, stewed peppers & country ham /32 Smoked half chicken with roasted mushrooms, whipped potatoes & Tasso vinaigrette /23 and Lamb-feta sausage with roasted eggplant, sauteed chickpeas & cucumber sauce /23 I travel about 75% of the month and I eat out about 5 days a week. I've eaten at all the top restaurants in every city and I a true foodie. I can honestly say that we loved everything. Every time I come to NYC I will come her for dinner no matter what. It is truly now one of my favorite restaurants and also one of the best restaurants in NYC. Don't even think about it. Just go.
39290	796	2012-06-26	A friend and I were in recently. We shared a bacon appetizer we'd both have rather eaten all of. (Next time we'll order two.) Then we sampled other delicacies while our eyes rolled back in our heads. We did it all while tasting bourbon after delicious bourbon. The staff is lovely and the menu is just right, so really you can't go wrong. Go. Sit. Meditate (or is it marinate?) in the soothing, bourbon-soaked aura that is Char No. 4.
9655	796	2012-06-25	Char, I coaxed two Manhattan dwelling gf's and two out of towners to you with the promise of excellence on a plate and all you did was embarrass me with terribly rude and erratic (straight up emotional roller coaster--waiter w/ the navy and white stripe polo waiting on the first 6 person booth on the right yesterday around 1pm, I'm looking directly at YOU.) service and sub-par quality food. We need to take a break. Char is one of the only restaurants we regularly return to for brunch in Brooklyn. I've mentioned it in every and any conversation re: Brooklyn dining since they've opened. And while the service we've received in the past has never been stellar, it's never been less than good. And up until yesterday, I honestly thought that all could be forgiven by the chopped pork sandwich (with a sunny side up egg--it's not breakfast w/o some form of eggs, pancakes, gravy or grits) and shrimp and grits. But it can't. And it won't. Especially since the pork sandwich was not at all as good as it normally is/has been (extra salty, lack of sauce). It's time for me to find a new brunch standby. Back to the service. Navy/White stripe polo toting waiter, you seriously need to work on your attitude. I understand that shit happens, especially when things get crazy busy during brunch and dinner hours. And perhaps something happened w/ your coworkers or at another table (tension b/w the staff was obvious to any onlooker), but that's no excuse for the sass you brought to our table from the get go. Walking away without even acknowledging or answering a question about an order is not acceptable. Your lack of even a modicum of patience while taking orders was unacceptable. Sure, you started smiling towards the middle of our meal, perhaps you remembered that American waiters work mainly for tips? Or did that stick up your behind loosen a bit? Whatever it was, it was too little and much too late.
28158	796	2012-06-25	Awesome for BRUNCH!! (you have to get the pre-fixed one or its not worth it) Awesome for Drinks (the whiskey and ginger beer cocktail is my fav -) Awesome for Dinner - i love ordering a bunch of apps, and sharing one entree... you must have the FRIED CHEESE CURDS!!!
35656	796	2012-06-23	I went here for a Sunday brunch with a friend. Good brunch menu. The potatoes were amazing. The service wasn't great just average. As someone who lived in the south for a while this places lacks the authentic southern menu and southern ambiance.
117014	796	2012-06-18	Nothing special to see here, just another over priced Brooklyn place trying too hard to be like one of its Manhattan counterparts. The appetizers were all good but the entrees really left something to be desired. I ordered a $23 chicken dish, that was described as coming with "mashed potatoes" and "mushrooms". My plate had one mushroom on it, and a thin layer of what can only be described as liquid potato. The chicken was cooked well (juicy) BUT the flavor wasn't anything special. (I've made better myself).
38473	796	2012-06-14	Man do they make a great Manhattan. Came here for dinner and everything was excellent. The drinks, the food and the service. The ambiance was a little on the dark side, but I can get over that. The space is small so reservations are best. If you stick to what they do best you will have one of the better meals you have had in Brooklyn. Stick to bourbon, bacon and meat and you will leave a happy red-blooded american even if you didn't start out as one.
22711	796	2012-06-12	after working a 12 hour shift on the day of park slope's 5th avenue fair, i figured it was an ideal opportunity to treat myself out -- far away from the neighborhood i call home. not wanting to make the trek to manhattan in my sore, battered state, a few friends & i stumbled through nearby carroll gardens & made a stop into char 4 for some appetizers & cocktails. of all the places we sampled that night, char 4 was the best of the bunch. we elected to forgo entrees & get a smattering of apps to share between the four of us instead (i think we ordered one of nearly every item on the list), & even if the pork nuggets & lamb pastrami rose to the top of the list, nothing was less than outstanding. & while a mint julep was my instinctive pick for my first cocktail (it being my favorite drink & all), the bourbon bonnet with habanero, cherry & brown sugar (which i HAD to order after tasting my dining mate's) is what really blew my mind & exemplifies this place: refreshing & comforting but with a spicy kick that keeps them miles from ordinary. i need to come back for a full dinner STAT.
34185	796	2012-06-06	For whiskeys/whiskys and great food, this is a sure thing. It can get pretty crowded and busy, but come in on a weekday and get ready to taste some reeeeaaaaally good stuff. My girlfriend and I went for dinner and had an amazing gustatory experience. The jambalaya rice balls are amazing as was every main course. The whiskey menu is extensive and you can get a half-pour (1oz.)  for people like me with a budget. A great place for a date or just savoring some great cuisine AND drinks of course.
136724	796	2012-06-03	Love the food. Love the drinks. Love the people. Love it all. Tips: 1. If you plan to go for dinner, make reservations. If you don't have time for that, go early and sit at the bar; you can order from the full menu. 2. Get the fried green tomatoes with mustard sauce. Yum. 3. Ask your waiter for whiskey recommendations -- they know their stuff. 4. If you put ice in your whiskey, one cube will do. This isn't lemonade.
4943	796	2012-06-01	When I first visited this whiskey bar I wasn't a fan of whiskey yet. My date was and ironically enough he was one of the people that got me more interested in whiskey. Fast forward to today and I can definitely say I am now a fan.. I like the space and the decor. It's dark and sexy and very much fitting for some serious imbibing. Bourbon is the highlight here and they have great flights for tasting. The food is also quite good and their pastrami sandwich is one of the best. Too bad it's all the way out in Cobble Hill.. I'd love to indulge in some boozy brunch here every now and then..
45534	796	2012-05-31	Stumbled on this place while walking down Smith Street and saw a sign that said biscuit florentine and that's about all I needed to get me in. It was unreal. My fiancé and I were in heaven. Plus we has the bacon and cheddar grits. Wow. This place nailed it. Can't wait to go for dinner.
144986	796	2012-05-31	Tuesday night. Staff could not be less interested in my existence. It's quiet. And cleaning night. Or something. Maybe if I asked to be wiped down with windex their enthusiasm would spark. Sigh. I used to stop in here regular like.
1239	796	2012-05-27	*A review of Char No. 4, a Brooklyn restaurant, in the style of Yelp* Oh Dearest Char No. 4, how I love you.  Myself and my boyfriend moved here from a Midwestern state a number of months ago and passed by this place so many times.  It looked really cute, so we decided to go in one day, lol.  I have to admit I am toootally defenseless against bacon, and was super excited to try their bacon.  It was crispy, heaven awesome deliciousness.  We ordered the fried green tomatoes, and zomg they were like little balls of super deliciousness!  The fried rice balls were so fabtastic, that God appeared at our table and took them away, declaring that they were too awesome for mortal consumption. The cheddar grits were insane good and should be illegal or committed to an institution at the very least. We also tried a couple of other dishes including the chicken liver pate, which forced me to make trite comparisons to crack cocaine, which is ironic as this place may well have been a stash house 25 years ago.  I don't drink much, but my boyfriend had the Manhattan and he enjoyed it so much that he excused himself from the table, took it to the bathroom and sodomized it.  He also tried the Hound Dog which was so good that he instantly shat himself and ruined our date. The skirt steak medium rare was juicy and tender, really the only thing I did not really enjoy was the soup - meh / fail.   I think this is the start of beautiful relationship between me and you, Char No.4, I only wish we could spend more time in bed having bacony sexy time.  We'll be back!
27112	796	2012-05-21	I am ambivalent. For the prices of the meal, I felt like there should have been bread or something plopped onto the table for us to munch on while we waited. Since there wasn't, I was forced to make conversation with my boyfriend while being extremely hungry (amazing conversation did not ensue). The food definitely took some time. He ordered the chopped pork mustard barbecue sandwich with baked beans. When I think of barbecued pork I think saucy. This sandwich didn't really do it for me. We went back and forth over whether we liked the beans, since they were not traditional baked beans. Apparently we did, cause we ate them all. I ordered the roasted chicken. As my boyfriend said, chicken is just chicken. Which kinda sums it up. The roasted mushrooms and whipped potatoes that the chicken came on was super delicious. I would have liked more of that, rather than the large amount of chicken. We ended the meal with the chocolate cheesecake. This was the best part of the meal. UGH why did we share? I HATE to share. I wanted the whole thing. It looked a little funky upon arrival, but trust, it was tasty as hell.
80881	796	2012-05-18	1oz whiskies, what an awesome idea. Amazing curation and the small sizes let's you choose several and not get too wasted. Comfort food to die for: innovative yet hits the spot. Crowded and hip but not pretentious (and not too pricey). Knowledgeable and friendly staff. Awesome interior design by Berman Horn studio.
49813	796	2012-05-10	Great brunch spot! If they have the brisket hash special that's a must alongside the bourbon bloody mary. Bacon cheddar grits are also excellent.
144987	796	2012-05-08	Excellent food. I came here for dinner on a whim after having some roasted marshmallows at Camp up the street. I can't remember what my date had but he's a vegetarian and found something good. I had scallops and brussel sprouts. The space is dark, cozy and just really perfect for a cold night. No drinks, since we'd just been at a bar, but I'd definitely go back.
23801	796	2012-05-06	I went here with a couple co-workers for dinner.  This place was packed, and we ended up eating at the bar.  I'm glad we did this because the bartender was great.  There is a wall of whiskey's to check out.  Based on our tastes, the guy was able to pair us up with a variety of whiskey's to try. For my meal, I had the beef shank special that night, and it was one of the better meals that I've had since being in New York.  My co-workers had a couple seafood dishes, and both enjoyed theirs as well. You can actually get on their mailing list, and they'll let you know when they'll have a whiskey tasting.  A group from work went to this one night, and enjoyed it.
33127	796	2012-05-06	Brunch here is excellent (all we have tried so far).  Flavorful ham, real maple syrup, good coffee, and friendly service. If I had any problem at all, it was the LP sized pancakes.  Yes, they were just as tasty as the other things.  But do they really need to be *that* big?  I understand offering value - but these were almost grotesque. On the other hand, I have to admit watching a little boy try to eat three pancakes the size of tires at the adjoining table is pretty cute.  So maybe there is a reason they're this big.
14484	796	2012-05-02	My husband and I have been to Char 4 other nights and had a great time. Tonight unfortunately it wasn't very good, and I'm not sure I'll go back. The waitress had a bad attitude, and my fresh pea risotto was room temperature so not all that appetizing. The waitress did take it back to the kitchen, but when it came back it was watery and still luke warm. My husband's half smoked chicken with whipped potatoes and mushrooms was hot and delicious.
3499	796	2012-05-01	Big fan of Char No 4.  Have been multiple times - for brunch, dinner, just drinks... Always solid.  Drinks:  Spicy Buck is AWESOME and their bourbon Bloody Mary is quite tasty.  Pork nuggets in hot sauce are addictive.  Pork sandwich is delish.  Didn't get the blueberry pancakes (yet) but they look so yummy for brunch.   Red Pepper/Goat cheese omelette was just OK.  Potatoes are excellent.    Place gets crowded.
144988	796	2012-05-01	Can't go wrong with this place. Great food on all menus. Drink selection is fantastic. Friendly, smart and knowledgable servers. Just go. It's worth your time.
13748	796	2012-04-21	came for brunch. slow service, decent meal, nothing to rave about. The grits were fantastic though. Maybe I need to come back.
56027	796	2012-04-20	I really enjoyed my meal here! Love the intimate feel of the dining room... the leather booths. I went for brunch with my local Brooklyn BFF (gotta have one of in every borough, duh). She had the blueberry pancakes - I was so jealous! They were so good but the def a massive portion. I had the shrimp n' grits with the almond butter biscuit. THE best shrimp and grits I've ever had! And the cocktails were great ~ Kir Royale. Can't wait to go back for a Bourbon tasting event. Highly recommended!
49443	796	2012-04-15	Very happy with our dinner and drinks here.  Unreal selection of whiskey.   We had a fun group of 6 there last weekend and they treated us right with booze and tasty food.  Hot tip - get the whiskey and rye deal on the dinner menu right now!  9 bucks for a pint of great beer and an ounce of bourbon. I had the pork chop - perfect.  My friend across from me had the shrimp - delicious.  Another companion had the fish and it was cooked just right.   Come for the whiskey, stay for the food and enjoy yourself.
55195	796	2012-04-13	I've had the pleasure lately of meeting a couple of new friends who seem to know me right away - and I am humbled, shaking in my little boots, in their presence. I wish I had such skillz (but I try... I try). So when my new co-worker and I decided to get drinks after work this past Monday, she took one look at me and said, you like whiskey? DO I LIKE WHISKEY!? Well, slap your gramma. We proceeded to spend the next five hours indulging in (at first, happy hour priced) deliciously well-crafted bourbon cocktails. I have to say, the sazarac was spot-on - deliciously smooth and not too sweet - and the Noreaster (seriously? How could I NOT!?), made out of ginger beer, lime, maple syrup (yessss) and bourbon, was refreshing with a kick. Such a kick that I had at least six more of them. Note: Happy hour is an excellent time to come here because the cocktails are cheap. It was a great night. I even ran into my friend who I'd just spent the previous four days in New Orleans with. So random! He bought us yet another round. And the bartenders were totally chill and awesome with us as we got drunker and drunker... actually though, with fine bourbons, I don't usually get tanked, and was able to hold my own because... When I got home, my other friend who also seems to always intuitively know what I want surprised me with that other thing I love.* It was an amazing night, and it all started because my coworker and new friend thought I might like whiskey. And yes, I looked as rough as you can imagine at work the next day. Killin' it! I was just looking at the whiskey list and I see they have Kings County corn whiskey (aka Moonshine)... oh, I'll back back, Char No. 4. Even if your name is hard to type out, I'll be back. *Hint: I love, sex, booze, and rock n roll, and I did not see any rock n roll on Monday. \m/ Party on, Yelpers. Party on.
65821	796	2012-04-08	The perfect restaurant for homesick Southerners.  Super friendly service, plenty of bacon and whiskey cocktails!  I've eaten here 3 times in the last six months and I don't live anywhere near Cobble Hill.  Both dinner and brunch are excellent.  Dining room is a bit spare (they should invest in wallpaper maybe?).  Service is friendly and unfussy.  Cocktails are dangerously tasty.  It's probably a good thing that i don't live too near this restaurant...but, it sure makes a nice treat when I have a good excuse to visit.
4577	796	2012-04-03	all in all a very good neighborhood place. always a lively crowd throughout the front room and bar area. the whiskey selection rivals any place across the bridge so i will forgo my personal favorites in order to not induce redundant boredom. i personally cannot stand the back dining area as it reminds me of a waiting room, although looking nothing like one. the food has been very solid on our visits and the chefs ability to smoke various things certainly highlights all of those beautiful bourbons. also of note is his/hers talent of cooking weird starches, i.e., hominy and grits. both i have tried there were nearly perfectly executed even though i cannot recall their accoutrements, they stole the show of their respective dishes, which is meant to be a compliment. the pork nuggets were surprising only because i did not expect the pork to be ground, but along with the house made hot sauce, i really liked the dish. hanger steak was good, temped well,  and i enjoyed the "steak sauce" much more than i thought i would. the swiss chard is ok but my favorite side still, it always seems slick in my mouth, which i think is due to cooking a sugared lemon with a green that has such a hearty external cellular structure, but i dont know. the flavor is always there so who cares. i have been numerous times and will to go numerous more with the only expectation being that it stay the same.
53480	796	2012-03-29	Char No. 4 = another solid Smith St. dining spot! To begin the atmosphere is really nice and intimate here. It's interesting because it appears to be smaller than it actually is, making it even more quaint and most likely a place that will keep your reservation and not make you wait (although, note, they will not seat your party until you are all there). The drink menu seems really great; however, my dining partner and myself were drawn there for the Jambalaya night special ($22 for jambalaya + 1 Abita + 1 oz pour of bourbon) sooo we just had the beer and bourbon, which honestly, was just perfect! So as I said, we came for Jambalaya night and got one of those and split a few of the other all stars on the menu... Lamb Pastrami and the Swiss Chard side. Whomever came up with lamb pastrami may very well be my idol! I am actually not a huge pastrami fan normally, but this was so full of flavor and well complimented by the red onion, coriander spread, and rye bread. Additionally, the swiss chard was a really nice veggie side. And the jambalaya. Well it was very good. To be fair, my friend and I had just gotten back from a fantastic foodie tour of New Orleans...home of jambalaya and our real verdict: the New Yorkers take on jambalaya. Very flavorful, nice heat, tender chicken, andouille, and shrimp... But let's be real, if it's not made in a cast iron skillet passed on for generations, piled HIGH with andouille and chicken, and consumed in the beautiful city of New Orleans, it's just not the same. However, it was very good and I would definitely have it again if it as on the menu. And lastly, and probably one the best things I have consumed in a very very long time (seriously get this next time you come here)... the homemade butter pecan ice cream drizzled in bourbon. I literally could've eaten this all night. It was one of the most fabulous ice creams I have ever had and will surely be back just for this dessert.
15637	796	2012-03-23	You ruined my life! You ruined the great time my girlfriend and I where having. "your computer was down" is a terrible excuse for not putting in our order. You should have comped us our drinks. You ruined our life!
28112	796	2012-03-19	Pastrami appetizer is probably one of the most memorable dishes I've ever tried in my life.  Great brunch items in here too - like the shrimp and grits.  Nice bar, but not much else on the menu to revisit.  Still, I like that it's always busy and has a great bar crowd.
2109	796	2012-03-17	The Bourbon bloody mary is still one of my favorites - unexpectedly smooth and different with light tomato juice, just enough fresh horseradish for a kick and a perfectly crispy, deliciously sweet & sour full size pickle spear (!) - and I'm buzzing even though I didn't finish it before my meal (!) Since it was nice out i wanted to sit outside on the deck when the host informed me that the deck is now a sun room (?!) Which is where we ended up sitting in a corner (my favorite kind of table because you get to sit next to your friend while still maintaining comfortable eye contact and close proximity to your partner's dish for stealing) Settled on the brunch prefix which comes with house-made ham, biscuit with honey almond butter (which I will go home to make myself), crispy potatoes (i substituted with salad) and the cheddar grits I've been dreaming about since the last time I was here over a year ago. I also ordered a side of house-made bacon through recommendation by our server when I couldn't decide between the ham or bacon. The corned beef hash special was nothing like we've seen before (real chunks of meat with legitimate meat juice and substantial pieces of potato - definitely nothing like the canned version) underneath runny eggs with a few dressed arugula leaves on top. It's been a long time since I ate all my food :D Although i could use some more bacon. It was definitely superior to the ham which was sweeter and smokier and thinner :/ One of the few places I get excited to go to, excited while I'm in it, and wishing I lived closer to after. Will have to try dinner here at some point.
15851	796	2012-03-15	I'm so happy that Lamb Pastrami exists.  I made this appetizer my dinner along with a side of Swiss Chard, and although the menu has a myriad of tasty sounding delights, I am confident that I made the right choice.  My (vegetarian) friend ordered the Veggie Risotto, and was quite pleased with the lemony flavor as well. Overall the drinks were good.  It's a small menu of classics and mixers.  I was actually a little surprised at how limited the selection was, since bourbon can be quite versatile in cocktails... but then I got distracted by the aforementioned pastrami. Service is impeccable- and I was sitting in the bar area.  I imagine a full dining experience would be even better.
144989	796	2012-03-12	Absolutely fantastic -- highly recommended. I went here with a friend on a Saturday night without a reservation. We were told the wait was an hour but the maitre d managed to find us a table within 15 minutes. Even had the wait been an hour I wouldn't have minded -- a lovely waitress came through the waiting area to take drink orders and really, at a place like this, aren't the drinks why you're here in the first place? We started with an old fashioned and the bourbon bonnet -- both terrific. The bonnet in particular was a great way to start the evening. For appetizers, we shared the deviled eggs (good but nothing special) the meat nuggets (absolutely fantastical) the butter lettuce salad (great by NY standards) and the lamb pastrami (out of this freaking world). With all that under our belts, we ended up just sharing the shredded pork sandwich, which was surprisingly bland considering how awesome the rest of the food was. Probably the only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5. Dinner finished with a selection of 1 oz whiskey tastes. The bourbon and rye menu was extensive, and surprisingly affordable. A really great way to taste a giant selection of high priced, small batch whiskeys without having to drop $40 on a bottle each time. Will definitely be back here again.
22397	796	2012-03-10	I came here with friends for brunch. Being that it was a Saturday, we were expecting a wait but it wasn't too terrible. The brunch menu is very interesting and offers a little bit of something for everyone. I had the biscuits benedict, one of their signature dishes, and it didn't disappoint at all. It comes with 2 big-sized biscuits, poached eggs, thickly sliced ham, and bacon gravy. The amount of gravy was just enough and wasn't too salty. In addition we ordered a side of bacon and fried pork nuggets to share, and again these little bits didn't disappoint. Plus: Maitre d' was helpful and nice. Minus: unattentive service. The waitress didn't offer a smile or asked us if our food was ok. Would I come back? Yes as I want to try their buttermilk pancakes.
14214	796	2012-03-01	Char No. 4 is pretty much the classiest fat dude I know. Picture the consummate Southern gentleman - one that dons an expensive seersucker suit, possesses an unmatched bourbon collection, and sports the physique of John Goodman. Robust yet refined, commanding yet cultured, this Brooklyn gem is where straight decadence is met with true elegance. Take the Crispy Cheddar Curds, for instance. These are essentially deep fried oblongs of cholesterol. But the fact that they are literally bursting with bold cheddar flavor and served with a spicy pimento sidekick sauce upgrades this from guilty pleasure bar snack to guilty pleasure gourmet offering. And as much as you (read: me) would want a popcorn bucket full of these things, the modestly appropriate portion provides even the most indulgent individuals (read: me again) with some restraint, so as to 1) allow more of the menu to be sampled and 2) not have you (read: me times three) resemble a dog trying to wolf down whole foods all at once. Moving on. Char No. 4's take on appetizer bacon is also unique. It's house-smoked, thick-cut, and rested on a bed of this harmonious coleslaw concoction of braised cabbage and apple cider-buttermilk dressing. I was expecting the standard steakhouse slab of fatty pork, but what Char No. 4 gave me was somehow sexier. And bacon in its most basic form is sexy enough. Even vegetarians can be tempted by its Siren-like allure. Then there was the special starter that night - a block of venison terrine, smoked squab, and foie gras served with thinly sliced apples and sourdough bread. Why this is not a menu regular is criminal. Eating this made me feel both (falsely) fancy and (gleefully) barbaric, seeing as I was essentially devouring three luxurious animals' parts in any given mouthful. Exactly. And for my final high-caloric intake trick of the night, there was the Grilled Hanger Steak, cuts so tender, it nearly could've been filet mignon. But at the very non-filet cost of $24. Not to mention, it comes with delicious cubes of crispy rosemary-garlic potatoes and the restaurant's signature steak sauce, a barbecue blend of medium consistency and maximum enhancement. With over 150 American whiskeys available at Char No. 4, I certainly took advantage of the boozy offerings, specifically from the all-bourbon cocktail selection set. I went from A Bourbon Ting (Jack Daniel's, Ting Jamaican grapefruit soda, jerk bitters) to a Bourbon Bonnet (with fresh pineapple juice, habanero, cherry, brown sugar), then shut it all down with a Noreaster (yes, more bourbon, this time with ginger beer, lime, and maple syrup). All three were supremely well-crafted cocktails, one as fantastic as the next, as they each spotlighted bourbon's versatility for taking on all flavor notes. Sweet, salty, fruity, bitter, spicy, mild - take your pick. Now, since you've probably already called for reservations for your next date night here, allow me to set the mood for you a bit. After opening Char No. 4's front door, you will immediately be hit with the wonderful, literally intoxicating smell of bourbon. If this came in cologne form, I would bottle it, wear it every day, and probably get called into HR regularly to talk about my "problem". Pair this aroma with the clean, trendy, gorgeous, wood-orange decor, and you might as well be diving into a whiskey barrel itself. You will ask yourself if this is heaven. No, it's still Brooklyn, but that's close enough. Char No. 4 isn't just comfort food and drink done well. It's comfort food and drink done exquisitely well.
135700	796	2012-02-27	I don't get it. I went here for breakfast on Sunday with a big group, which was accommodated after a 30 minute wait (which was less than I expected). We were delighted by the ample space to wait at the entrance bar, although I'm not sure this is the status quo. The bartender got us all cups of [very good] coffee without much fuss while we waited. Fine. I'm not big on the super-heavy breakfasts, so ordered the butterhead lettuce salad, a poached egg, and two slices of bacon. The salad would have been fine except that it was really and truly drowning in an aggressively tart and spicy dressing. The poached egg was fine, and the bacon was fine but overdone (I don't like thick-cut bacon cooked super-crisp). I had a bite of someone's dry but adequate pancake and a spoonful of the admittedly tasty blueberry goo that came with. None of it was any better than I'd expect from a local diner. Is there, like, nowhere else in Brooklyn to get bacon? I can't understand the hype. The minimalist look of the place is appealing, and I love the backlit cylinders that make up the entrance lighting. Our service was pleasant and perky, and they were lovely about accommodating all of us. I wish I could say I was more excited about the food.
71637	796	2012-02-19	My husband & I arrived at 7p on a Saturday. There was an 1.5 hr wait for a table, so we opted to have dinner & drinks at the bar. We started off w/ the fried pork nuggets which were fried deliciousness (beware the super spicy dipping sauce).  I then had the fennel soup which was tasty as well. My husband had the hangar steak, which we thought was a little chewy (hence the reason for the 3 stars).  All in all, the drinks were good, the amniance nice, bartenders friendly and we'll most likely be back.
16819	796	2012-02-19	Bourbon and dead pig. That just about sums up the flavors of char 4,  and I mean this in a good way. Bloody Mary made with Bourbon and garnished with a pickle?  Oh yes please!  It had the sweetness from the tomatoes the heat from the Bourbon and some tang from the pickle. It was delicious. I was actually surprised I enjoyed it as much as i did because it was not spicy. To eat I ordered the blueberry pancakes.  This was also very good. The pancakes were fluffy and moist with a slight crispness at the edges. It hit all the right notes.  The only annoyance is you have to ask for syrup (I witnessed another table do the same)  pancakes without syrup is like ordering an ice cream sundae and having to ask for the hot fudge!  Everyone else at the table ordered dishes with dead pig in it and loved it!  I had a bite of the biscuits with bacon gravy. It was thick and creamy and the bacon added a perfect balance of salty savory delicious. The dinner menu and a Bourbon taster is in our future,  oh yes we shall return.
144990	796	2012-02-19	Great whiskey selection.  Terrific food.  Fast and knowledgeable service.  Bonus points for making their own bacon.
72495	796	2012-02-14	Bourbon bloody mary with homemade pickle is to die for. Solid brunch menu as well.
53701	796	2012-02-05	We come here for brunch. You usually have to wait to get a table. The best thing about this place is the pancakes. I don't think there is anywhere else in the area that makes better, crispier pancakes. We ordered them as a desert for 4 people and off course could not finish them since the portion is huge.
6738	796	2012-02-05	On a nice Saturday morning, looking for a place to brunch on  Smith St can be  a big task. After passing by long line at other places, we were thankful aailability to sit here was instant. Even though we came for brunch, the inside was so dark I kept having that eery feeling that we were here for dinner.....And the food itself felt like dinner. So heavy...sooo many calories ingested in one sitting. I felt kinda sad for my arteries The food itself was pretty decent.  Everything sounds good and fattening. I ordered the Char #4 egg: Buiscuit Benedict with house smoked ham, poached eggs and bacon gravy. My fiance had the pancakes with rhubard jam which he thought were dry. Would come back for dinner to get a better feel of this place
69071	796	2012-02-02	Nice people, so-so food.  Went with a friend, had some delicious appetizers & salads, then a disappointing lamb shank.  It was dry and only marginally tasty.  It was also HUGE, which would have been fine if it were delicious.  You know the old saying; the food isn't that good, but the portions are large!  I might return for brunch or drinks, since that's what most people seem to rave about.
38480	796	2012-01-30	Best Manhattan hands down I ever had, for this reason alone Char No.4 is a must. I made reservations through open table and my group got there in 3 parts but they let us sit down and wait for our party instead of making us wait by the crowded bar, huge plus.   It was a Wednesday in January and they were holding a steak potatoes and Manhattan special for $28.00 great deal, the steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  However since the Manhattans were so good you had to order another (or two) and since everyone raves about this place you have to order appetizers (worth it!) So you walk out spending $70 a person easy. Oh and I can't forget about the delicious key lime pie, again just perfect. Every bite or sip was worth the price tag, can't wait to go back!
29206	796	2012-01-29	Great variety of whiskey. My friend and I had a blasts. The bartender could not be nicer. Thanks. ;)
73017	796	2012-01-29	I like this place so much that I actually gave my real e-mail to their e-mail distribution list. It's that serious. Whiskey, bourbon, and rye are all new to me, and I'm trying to drink more of it and develop my palette. This is definitely a great place to start. With over 150 American whiskeys, you can ask the bartender where to begin! In addition to the tasty poison, they have a lovely brunch, which I'm a huge fan of. I recommend the blueberry pancakes with sage/pork sausage - divine. I also tried the sausage, egg, and cheese biscuit but paired with the potato cake I found it too heavy and a bit difficult to finish in one sitting. Overall, great place to catch up with friends, or chill. I highly recommend if you're in the area.
144991	796	2012-01-28	Went here for brunch, and had the shrimp and grits while my wife had the blueberry pancakes. Both were delicious, although there weren't very many shrimp for the price. The bourbon-based bloody Mary is best avoided. The bourbon gives it a funny taste, and was under seasoned.
8201	796	2012-01-27	As I go through my list of Brooklyn brunch spots, I finally arrived at Char No. 4. It was Sunday so of course the 4 of us had to wait but it wasn't too bad (I think we beat the rush by arriving at noon onthedot). The staff was very polite and I knew they didn't forget about us. By the time we sat down we already knew what we were order. The prix fixe, of course. I subbed my sausage out for a side arugula salad. The cheesy grits were amazing. And they gave me two runny eggs and a great scone with juice and coffee. Oh and I almost omitted the garlic potatoes. Good thing I remembered to tell you about them! Try it out!
31710	796	2012-01-26	Great bar apps and well made drinks (off somewhat limited cocktail list).  Fantastic selection of whiskeys.  Some are a bit pricey by anyone's standards but you can't argues with the list. I've always enjoyed the entrees, but have never been blown away.  For me it's all about the bar.  And for that, 5 stars.
144992	796	2012-01-23	We had a great meal; I went in as a bourbon rookie and came out a devotee.  My recommendations would be the any of their pork dishes, awesome: bacon appetizer,  lamb pastrami, Pork shoulder,  and risotto! Staff was super friendly - helpful guidance - but service was a little slow for the sparse night.
121641	796	2012-01-21	It's Brooklyn; it's a scene; and I like it. Walking in, the ambience is warm and hip enough to welcome without feeling too exclusive. The staff gets five stars for excellent pacing and support. The pancakes, biscuits and potato cakes are superb as are the jam and honey almond butter. The proteins disappoint, but perhaps only because everything else is so great. My poached egg was too watery, the sage sausage tasted steamed, and the fried pork cubes struggled with too many textures (crispy crust, mealy stuffing and wet sauce) and not enough flavor. The ham was excellent though, and I would eat the breakfast biscuit sandwich every day for the rest of my life and die a happy man.
17449	796	2012-01-18	Came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon with my boyfriend. The lunch special was a good deal (soup, entree, and ice cream). The soup of the day was creamy and delicious (fennel). I ordered the vegetable rissotto which was good, big portion size, a bit heavy. My boyfriend ordered the shrimp and grits -- shrimp was good but I'm not a big fan of grits. Brunch menu looks great so would come again for brunch.
5117	796	2012-01-16	I use to get turned on by women. Now, biscuits and sausage gravy. HOLY SMOKES! Poached eggs with bacon grits, fried cheese curds with pimento cheese dipping sauce, and house smoked ham are some of the reasons if you get here at 12 on a weekday be prepared to read a newspaper. All of it. Then, you might get seated. The space is very intimate so it's best to try and grab a booth if you plan to bring kids or have a fat ass. The place is very family friendly and the dishes are fun. I went with the poached eggs with bacon cheddar grits. The combination of bacon in the soupy grits really stood out and make sure someone in your party orders the biscuits benedict. My only regret is I did not get to try the pancakes but that's why you take a business card and plan to return. Overall, southern inspired brunch is the rage in Brooklyn and Char. No 4 is a great place to check out with out of towners looking to experience an upscale brunch establishment.
57693	796	2012-01-13	Kenny Perry is a really good Bourbon drink.
22500	796	2012-01-10	Trendy little whiskey restaurant on Smith St.  I set up my best friend's bachelor party dinner there (12 of us in all), and we all had a great time. Re: The Event First of all, Danielle (their event coordinator) was incredibly accommodating through the entire process of getting it set up.  I was late with pretty much every deliverable / contract imaginable, and she was still able to have the whole event go through without a hitch (she even offered to make special arrangements to have outside food delivered in for a party member with special dietary requirements).  Prix fixe prices on the final contract were pretty reasonable, all things considered. Re: The Food Food was very good, as most of the reviewers here have already mentioned.  The Lamb Pastrami was the standout, and I'm not usually a fan of Hanger steak, But it was very good here as well.  Everyone in the party seemed to enjoy everything, as far as I could tell. Re: The Drinks We sampled a bunch of whiskeys (obviously), and really the only down side was that a few of the rarer whiskeys on the menu were out of stock.  Not enough to ding this place star, but unfortunate given that was a big reason we all came here.  Regardless, no one was really complaining. Re: The Service Service was also very good.  I can't seem to remember her name (it WAS a bachelor party after all), but I'm pretty sure half of the group fell in love with our waitress, the charming brunette with the smokey voice.  She was prompt with drink orders and managed to snag us all a round of bourbon's just as our open bar time ended. Overall, definitely recommended.  Will be heading back soon.
3370	796	2012-01-07	Great food. Really nice people. Big fan.
144993	796	2012-01-05	What's the big deal about this place? The food was ok - far from special. Their "legendary" bacon was overcooked and I would much rather have korean bbq pork belly any day of the week. It's also pretty expensive. Is this the best Smith St. can do these days? On the plus side, they do have attractive waitstaff...
23694	796	2012-01-03	Char No. 4 is a must for the whiskey lover. My brother-in-law took us here because, well, he loves whiskey. There is over 150 whiskeys on the menu, but this truly is a place that anyone could still appreciate. They have an excellent wine menu and some cocktails that feature Bourbon. I had the Kentucky Royale which was bourbon, champagne, orange and cassis. It was amazing. Char offers some really amazing specials. On the night we came, they had a special for $22 that got you a glass of whiskey, a bottle of beer and a bowl of Jambalaya. Jambalaya was well seasoned and full of tender chicken and sausage with nice flavor. Certainly wasn't the best Jambalaya I've ever had, but it was filling and was worth the price with the two drinks. We had the Cornflake Crusted Crabcake with lemon bay leaf sauce, you wouldn't necessarily be able to tell it was cornflake crusted, but it was delicious and the crab was fresh and plentiful. The service definitely could have been better and we were sat in the back room that was once a patio and converted into indoor space -- it was generally "cold" and felt entirely separate from the rest of the restaurant. I would suggest asking to be sat in the main dining room if possible.
966	796	2012-01-01	So I have this thing see... it's like a super awesome magic power... where when I think something is good, it then catches on.  I hate most wines, but I love Rieslings... and then BOOM!... Rieslings we're all the rage (incidentally this is also why you should follow me on yelp, but I digress). Now I'm starting to feel that way about burbon... It's my new drink, and Char No 4 is gonna be my new ticket to experiencing it in all it's glory.  A very cool place with a great setting and bartenders that seem very knowledgeable about what they are serving.  I'm definitely eager to go back and sample the food as well.
10165	796	2011-12-29	I was SO impressed with Char No 4.  Loses a star for the weird back room (not a fan of that space!)   I ordered shrimp and grits and it was FAB.  Shrimp was cooked perfectly and the grits were so amazingly creamy and delicious.  (not an expert on southern food though!)  I forgot what my husband ordered but he was equally impressed with his. There were so many amazing things on the menu that I cannot wait to try.  I am really looking forward to brunch there because of the stellar reviews.
69079	796	2011-12-29	Food: 19 Decor:17 Service:19 Tip:  Do not come here looking for the best meal of your life or in Cobble Hill for that matter.  The taste does not match up with the technique behind the menu...My opinion.
102098	796	2011-12-22	Truly one of the best on Smith St. The food always delights, and their Weds night specials are terrific (Gumbo nights, Chili nights... depends on the month). Great for dates, small groups, or bringing the out of town guests in for a snack. The drink selection is wonderful and I trust their pairing recommendations. Terrific little place - usually room unless it is a Sat night!
7546	796	2011-12-22	Wow! I was blown away by this brunch. Highly recommend coming if you live in the nabe or if you live in another borough. The sunny side up egg over crispy potato with house smoked salmon (changed sunny side to poached) was freakin awesome. It was salty (not too salty), lemony (not too lemony). The pancakes were noteworthy with almond butter and some fresh fruit. The grits and omelets - also great. My favorite detail of the entire brunch experience? Chipotle bourbon bloody mary with a house made pickle for only $7. The best start to Sunday that I could ask for.
144994	796	2011-12-20	Three Spicy Buck cocktails later I was calling myself a spicy ass and feeding cake to a total stranger I met at the bar. He was telling me that he doesn't shave down there but would for the right girl. This is the kind of place where you make connections...and maybe mistakes. I was there for the birthday party of a girl I didn't know and this review is brief because the night was a blur, a beautiful blur. My only complaint is that their bar is very tiny and it gets very hot in there but some people like public toplessness.
5058	796	2011-12-06	Note that I am reviewing Char no 4 as a non drinker. I know the bourbon and whiskey selection is suppose to be what brings this place to the next level, so please keep in mind that my review is based solely on food eaten in the back portion of the restaurant. Went on a Mon night and was surprised to find the bar pretty packed at 930. Everyone was doing whiskey tasting methinks. My bf and I were able to get a table right away. Unfortunately our waitress was sloooooooow. She would pass by and make eye contact with me but not stop in to see if we were ready to order, how our food was, if we needed more water, or whether we were interested in dessert. Every time we needed her, we had to wave her down- thats an automatic annoyance in my book. To her credit, she was nice every time we stopped her. As for food, I expected a lot more. Everyone on foursquare raved about Pork Nuggets and I was disappointed with deep fried balls of ground, dry pork served with a whole lotta hot sauce. As for entrees, I had a chopped pork sandwich which was good but nothing to write home about. My bf had the hangar steak which was also good but he left hungry. My side of swiss chard was also just good. I think if you want to be a scenester sippin on fancy liquor, this place is for you. If you want amazing food, there are a bunch of better places on Smith.
3115	796	2011-12-04	There is something special about Char No 7 that attracts the coolest people from all boroughs, spanning all ages.  We snagged a 9pm reservation day off, were sat in a cozy area in the back (near the bathroom). Our waiter was delightful, bearded and offered us alternatives if we didn't like what we had ordered.  We started with the arugula salad which was just that.  Not super inventive, but we ordered it, so it's our fault for not being wowed. Then came the cheese curds.  This should be the new popable snack.  I can see it at high end sporting events (uhhh, Kentucky Derby maybe).  Tangy little cheese balls fried to perfection, dipped in an andouille sauce.  Really stellar. We also shared the Salmon that came with mushrooms and kale in a lemon vinaigrette.  It was cooked perfectly, but the portions aren't' huge, so I was still hungry for dessert.   We ordered the smores pie, which was really interesting, gingerbread crust, marshmallow top, and served chilled. Hot toddies were in order for the cold night, but I'll be back for their whiskey tastings, definitely glad I went.
2170	796	2011-12-03	Char No 4 is definitely a nice place to have drinks as well as dinner.  The place's specialty is whiskey and the whiskey list is extensive to say the least.  I ordered a cocktail, Kentucky Royale and it was very tasty.   The place takes reservations, so I recommend doing that . To share, my lovely date and I ordered the Chicken liver mousse and it was amazing.  If you love pate, this dish is for you.  Our entrees to share included a skirt steak dish for me and a chopped pork sandwich.  Both dishes were uninspiring and I felt so cheated after the appetizer course.  The steak was already chopped up and only a few slices were served to me.  I know many yelpers enjoyed the steak sauce, but I am a purist!  I like my meat with just salt and pepper.  So I discarded my sauce to my date.  The chopped pork sandwich was dry and there was more bread than meat. To end our dining experience, we ordered the smore pie and that was quite good.
10752	796	2011-11-29	Best dinner choice in Brooklyn? This might be it. Between the steak and being adventurous with whiskey options, I had one of the best meals I've ever had. It was so good, after I was done I thought to myself, 'THIS IS GOING OUT TO DINNER!'. People always 'go out to dinner.' This was 'GO OUT TO DINNER!' If I could add blinking letters with fireworks, I would. The steak sauce was awesome. I ordered my steak medium well(I know, I just lost all credibility), and these guys cooked it exactly as it should be; darker pink in the middle, but not oozing. Lots of places just cook it well, or can't figure out the medium between medium & well done. These guys did. It was awesome. Make a reservation; it makes life a lot easier when you wanna eat here.
59015	796	2011-11-23	So I am not much of a bruncher, not because I don't like it but it just never seems to work out with my schedule.  On the rare occasion I do get to enjoy myself some weekend morning I always want to be sure to make it worth it.  Walking along Smith st. heading towards Clover Club I came upon Char No. 4.  Yes I've walked past it a bunch of times, but usually during the day in the week, didn't look too exciting to me, especially since I am not much of a bourbon drinker.  Low and behold, Saturday morning there are lots of people...and upon checking out their brunch menu, we decide to change course of action and head on in.   It was only 2 of us and we got seated rather promptly.  Regular inside, nothing fancy.  I started off with a bourbon bloody mary...mmmm.  I'm hooked already.  What a delicious concoction.  Personally I always like my bloodys with some extra "snacks," as I like to call them, suspended in the tomatoey spicy goodness.  A pickle, and olive, maybe something more out there and unexpected.   I ordered the eggs benedict.  No not just boring old eggs benedict.  It came on some sort of amazing biscuit with gravy.  No not just boring old gravy.  Bacon gravy!!!   Wowsers.  Heart attack on a plate and oh it felt so damn good.   While this had no bearing on my rating nor judgement of the place.  I asked for Tabasco, which they brought me right away.  Unfortunately, the bottle didn't have that little thing on the top to control sauce flow.  Out came about 1/3 of the bottle onto my plate.  A waitress took my food away and rescued it onto another plate.  Thank goodness.   My friend had the crabcake sandwich....she's still talking about it and we were there like weeks ago.  So so good.   I can only imagine what the dinner food is like...hmmmmm....
69054	796	2011-11-23	I went here for dinner and I didn't think it was that good but I hear the Brunch is great so i will give this place another chance! The service was good here and I love the look inside! Known for their Bourbon Bar so if you are a fan come on down!!!
25320	796	2011-11-20	Don't go hungover. Their brunch should be enjoyed. Yo, Byrumologist*! *best red-head waitress in Brooklyn
56218	796	2011-11-13	This place serves up perfectly poached eggs, buttery biscuits soaked in the most wonderful gravy, thick slabs of bacon, and a phenomenal bourbon selection. Also, the prices are totally reasonable, and the space/atmosphere is lovely. I'm moving in.
15074	796	2011-11-11	I went here for brunch with my hubby around 11 am on that crazy random snow Saturday a while back.  I had the pulled pork sandwiches from the brunch menu, which came with sauteed onions and chiles!  It even came with beans!  It was a lot of food!  Let me tell you that the pulled pork was kind of spicy.  This cost about $16 with coffee, and it's a bit pricier than I would pay for brunch, but let me tell you it's totally worth it!  The service is pretty quick.  No wait.  Hey someone snatched my umbrella--wait that has nothing to do with the restaurant staff(just the random mean people).
139020	796	2011-11-05	If you like bourbon and beer then this is the place for you. I'd recommend the Whiskey and Rye which is a pint of 6 point served with a shot of bourbon. Everything we ordered was prepared very well. The grilled flatiron steak is not to be missed.
2664	796	2011-11-04	I stopped at the bar here for a quick drink with a friend based on good reviews from admirers.  The interior is very cool, but I felt like I stepped out of Brooklyn for a drink, maybe somewhere too classy for an easy stop.  Some posh can be good, but this was unexpected and the prices weren't convincing of pub-crawl status.
46336	796	2011-11-03	A lot has been written about the place - and those who rave are in the right.  I'll just leave one tip: go on Wednesday this November (and possibly throughout winter) and enjoy CHILI NIGHT - it comes with a beer, a shot of whiskey, and delicious jalapeno-bacon cornbread.  Sounds amazing right? It is - go get it!
5223	796	2011-10-28	This place is purteh good.   Been only for brunch.  Ordered the fixed price option because it provided the best variety: poached egg, ham (but they were super nice about allowing sausage or bacon as substitution), crispy potatoes and biscuit with honey-almond butter.   Honey.  Almond. Butter.  Yeah.  Juzzz had to hit that. My lovely lady friend got the bacon, and I got the sausage, and we totally did splits on the meats to even further maximize our variety, because we are all about the spice of life.  She was way bummed on the quantity of bacon - it looked like one slice of bacon cut into two, whereas my behemoth sausage patty was a meaty hunk of generosity. Everything tasted fine.  The orange juice was refreshing.  The potatoes were not that crispy but had a nice garlicky flavor.  The sausage meat tasted lovely with sage, and the bacon was good, but not all holy and amazeballs* as everyone here made it sound to be.   The honey butter was good (I mean, how could it not be?), but wish the biscuit was served warm so the butter could melt into lovely oblivion.  Oh yeah.  The grits.  Those were alright.  Had them plain jane which is oh so boring, so definitely recommend them jazzed up with somethin' somethin'. This meal was a pure brunchy solid, but not something I'd have to eat again.
69091	796	2011-10-24	Great for brunch, I love the cheese grits! The food is always good and the service is always great.
4783	796	2011-10-23	Ok, so I am not a brunch person.  I like three square meals a day and don't like to get gipped out of one.  However, I may have to start skipping breakfast in order to indulge at Char No. 4.  This place is mouthwatering.  These folks are known for their Southern cooking - something I know very little about.  I took my server's recommendation and ordered the Char no. 4 biscuits benedict with house smoked ham, poached eggs & bacon gravy.  When I hear biscuit I think of the Colonel.  Those biscuits can't even be called that anymore.  What Char serves up is a moist, savory and delectable piece of bread that just as fluffy as the two eggs on top.  And bacon?  Lots of it.  Everywhere.  My girlfriend and I both ordered it and the only downside was not ordering extra to take home to the husbands.  The chipotle bloody mary has just the right amount of spice and a perfect little homemade pickle.  Can't wait to try this place out for dinner.
3480	796	2011-10-19	The drinks here are great even for those who dislike bourbon/whiskey. Their crabcakes are awesome - that was the one food item that really stood out to me and I'll definitely get it again when I come back. Overall the food is recommendable, and the atmosphere is lovely.
15938	796	2011-10-18	Arrived about 1:45 on a Saturday. A booth was available as we arrived and although at least one of their booths was occupied by a twosome, the empty booth was not offered to us. Discrimination against the over 40s? Waited twenty minutes for a two top to open. Were given tiny table by the wall. Cramped. Ordered a mimosa and a bourbon chipotle bloody mary. Didn't taste the chipotle but the pickle in the bloody mary was tasty. Fried pork nuggets were delish, the sauce had just the right amount of kick. Shrimp with grits was ridiculous, tiny portion not bacony - not authentic in my opinion. (recently returned from the Low Country know of what I speak). Wife still hungry after brunch -- had to have prosciutto ball at Esposito's. My poached eggs with bacon gravy and ham over biscuit was pretty good. Eggs perfectly poached, bacon gravy tasty, ham savory. Would have preferred the ham on the side and not smothered with the gravy. Biscuit so-so, No potatoes with egg dish at these prices!. Felt rushed by bill presentation - the couple enjoying booth still there even though they were almost finished with their food when we sat down -maybe they are regulars or friends of the owners? Annoying. Why am I being hustled out of tiny table? Might still go back here to sample extensive bourbon selection but this is not real Southern food, it's a not always successful revision and there's no Southern hospitality.
20149	796	2011-10-17	Last Friday I rummaged around Yelp looking for two things: (1) a restaurant obscure enough that I could grab a 7:30 reservation the day of - and (2) a foodie enough place that I wouldn't mind eating the, you know, food. I found Char No. 4. Reservations, yes, at 7:30, please and thank you. At 7:55, after one very stressful subway ride in from Manhattan followed by a cab (due to my Columbus-like navigational skills), my friend and I strolled in from the misty disgustingness of the outside looking like two very exhausted rats with nice clothes on.   The host, a nice thirty-ish man, was more than hospitable. I felt less rodent-like almost immediately. Despite our tardiness he seated us in the dining area and within minutes I was throwing back, er, sipping on, a Kentucky Royale while my friend enjoyed a different bourbon inspired cocktail. Perhaps the best thing about Char No. 4 was our waiter. Sincerely enthusiastic about the menu, he made an already wonderful dining experience even more enjoyable. He was lovely. And the food? Smoked & fried pork nuggets with Char No. 4 hot sauce - wonderful House cured lamb pastrami (with other things) - even more wonderful Mole pork sausage (with other things) - not my favorite thing Cheddar polenta fries with chile sauce - good if you like polenta Grilled hanger steak with rosemary-garlic potatoes - best item on the menu S'more pie - great, although maybe a bit too big, best to share I will be back, next time for brunch.
994	796	2011-10-17	Whiskey and cheese curds!  What more could you want?  This restaurant is fabulous.  They have an array of inexpensive, yummy bites and  wonderful down-south inspired entrees like "Chile marinated shrimp with sweet corn-hominy grits & scallions".  The menu is accompanied by an amazing whiskey list.  For those who don't like sipping on the whiskey, they have delicious cocktails to choose from.  We loved the cozy atmosphere and the friendly service.  This is one of our new favorite spots!
11794	796	2011-10-14	Went here for lunch with a coworker and it was a nice meal. I can see coming here for dinner and trying out the scotch, but on a work lunch, well not really appropriate. lol. But for food, I had the cheese curds and the deviled eggs and my coworker had the sausage sandwich. The cheese curds with the pimiento cheese dip were great. I wish I had a whole basket full of them. I can see them as being great bar food to have with a beer. I might have to try making them at home sometime! The deviled eggs were perfect. Nicely dolled up with the bit of crisp bacon and pickled onion on top. My coworker's sausage was nice, however he stated that there was a bitt too much veggies overpowering the sausage flavor. Overall it was a bit pricey for lunch, but if I were in the area for dinner and was able to have a few drinks and happy hour with friends, I would return. Service was quick and friendly and I recommend.
35185	796	2011-10-09	We went here and had a GREAT dinner. I mean, I had 3 courses all containing pork, so how could it possibly go wrong? There were 4 of us and we all started out with a bourbon cocktail - 2 Insiders, 1 Noreaster, and 1 Spicy buck. All of them were unique and flavorful. I got the Insider and it was my favorite - bourbon, baking spices, and other stuff I can't remember. But it was awesome. For appetizers we got 2 servings of the pork nuggets and 1 serving of the thick sliced bacon. Yeah, it was heaven. The nuggets were served with a hot sauce that was not needed at all. I could have eaten 20 of those things. For dinner I got the chopped pork sandwich with the Char. No 4 mustard sauce and baked beans. The pork came on a delicious bun that was made to be eaten with slathered pork - it was grilled and soaked up just the right amount of juice. Others got the cheese potato dumplings, the flatiron steak, and the grilled chicken. All were fantastic except for the chicken which came out clearly burnt and super dry, which is the only reason I'm giving the restaurant a 4. However, this place has EXCELLENT service and our waiter brought out a delicious dipping sauce to go along with the chicken. For dessert we got the s'more pie and key lime pie. OK, wow, the s'more pie is placed in a gingerbread crust instead of a graham cracker crust, and that is the way to go. It was amazing. To sum it up, Char No. 4 is a pretty ideal dining experience. However, I would recommend to ask to be seated in the back room as the main dining area is really loud with blasting music. GO and eat there! I need to go back and try their brunch for sure.
144995	796	2011-10-08	Some of my favorite food in Brooklyn.  Their food can be like magic.  Sometimes I eat things there, and I just don't understand how the food can be so well balanced and delicious.  I take all of my foodie friends here, and they usually agree.  The staff is friendly as well, but it's sometimes a bit crowded, so get there early..
29688	796	2011-10-02	I knew I had to come to this place when I looked at the menu and saw an abundance of pork product... my favorite being bacon... on the menu. I came for brunch with a friend who lives in the neighborhood and recommended that we go here. The brunch menu looked delicious and I had some trouble deciding. My friend said she always wants to try new things, but her favorite was the Char No 4 benedict and she had a hard time straying from that. We both got the same thing, go figure. It's their version of a Eggs benedict sandwich, minus that nasty hollandaise sauce. Instead, it hets replaced with a bacon gravy... which really, I mean how can you go wrong? A vast improvement over any hollandaise, I don't care how good you tell me it is. The coffee was delicious as well. I will have to come back and see if I will be able to get anything else off the menu.
25000	796	2011-09-28	Shrimp and grits: delicious but really small portion. Polenta fries: also great , but the sauce was a little intense. Good service and the bar tender was pretty darn cute.
17422	796	2011-09-20	The food was great.....loved the shrimp and grits! Service could have been better.
114734	796	2011-09-16	Wow, brunch was absolutely AMAZING. My dear friend Liz and I were in need of the heartiest of meals after a 24-hour fast sponsored by Electric Zoo. We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table, which was to be expected on a leisurely Labor Day afternoon. We made use of the stools and strip of tabletop lining the walls of the bar room and hydrated before our meal. When we got called to our mini table crammed in the center of all the hoopla, panic set in pretty quickly. Our hearts were dead set on a comfy booth tucked away in the corner where  we could recap the weekend's activities in private peace. We inquired about our reachy request, and were relocated to our ideal booth immediately! Great success. There were a bunch of things on the brunch menu we wanted to try, and we certainly did not hold back. For entrees, we both got the Char No. 4 Biscuits Benedict with house smoked ham, poached eggs & bacon gravy. I think I can sum up this rich and hearty taste of heaven in just two words: DAMN GOOD. I'm not the biggest biscuit fan, but the bacon gravy and egg yoke dressed these biscuits up flawlessly. I want more of them NOW! I'm sure Liz feels the same. For sides, we split the Cheddar Bacon Grits and Crispy Potatoes with green onion & garlic. The grits were amazingly cheesy, and the potatoes? Well, I'm not usually a potato head, but these were cooked to golden brown perfection and bursting with intense flavor. Everything that sat before us on our massive booth table complemented each other extremely well. The whole experience really served its purpose: allowing us to eat dank food, nurse our hangovers, and chat about life. I feel bad for all of the other breakfast/lunch joints in NYC, because when I come visit Liz (which will be at least 5 more times before New Years), I can't see myself venturing out to just any place that I know won't measure up to Char No. 4. The servers are attentive without being over-bearing, and the food is beyond delicious. In addition to amazing brunch, they offer over 150 types of American Whiskey, and their bottles are displayed on wooden shelves along the entire length of the bar. I must say that the setup is quite visually appealing. I might do something similar in my home someday when I'm making six figures (ha). I haven't tried any myself, but Liz informs me that their Manhattans are "AMAZING", and she isn't exactly your average whiskey drinker. So there you have it! I hope you enjoy it as much as we do!
8356	796	2011-09-12	Just throw my review on the haystack of good reviews for Char No. 4. I had my doubts--the dishes sound complex like a mishmash of strong bold flavors I equated to a stomach-ache waiting to happen. But when I actually sampled the food--the flavors were strong, but for each dish--distinct. Distinctly Southern that is, just the way one would want his/her shrimp and grits to taste. The grits by the way, were yummy. Not overly creamy and had the right amount of corn kernels. Other dishes I had that were great: - lamb pastrami: Pastrami spices on house-cured lamb. Really savory, and I would like it on my bagel every morning please - fried jamabalaya rice balls: Arancinis go Southern here. My favorite. - fried cheese curds: Might prefer the ones from A&W (low brow but shouldn't they be?) - pork nuggets. The side of hot sauce is addicting. Kind of what I want to have on my food all the time.  Franks is too acidic. Sriracha is too umami (overpowers certain dishes) . This could be a good sub. - crab cake: I could NOT have this next time. - pork sandwich: side of hot peppers and pickled onions a nice touch. mustard sauce is not too sweet. Baked beans  could have used a little more spice to it, but it was a good accompaniment to the sandwich. -- S'mores pie: I can pass on this next time.  Love marshmallow topping but the crust was a little chewy While overall, very good, my friend made a good point. It's good but used deep frying and hot sauce and mayo as a crutch.  A five star for me would be if the chef was limited in the amount of  fattiness required to make my mouth water  e.g. really good sushi.
47844	796	2011-09-11	I went here last night for a special occasion. We had a promotion for a prix fixe from Blackboard Eats. I am not much of a bourbon drinker, but I started off with a bourbon-based cocktail that also had iced tea, mint and I think lime. It was delicious. A perfect accompaniment to the wild arugula and roasted beet salad. Then we got the shrimp and grits, which made me wanna slap my mama, they were so divine. Buttery, nutty, and smokey. We also had the mole sausage, which was served over a roasted corn salad with crispy bacon chunks and some sort of mild white cheese. That was paired with a dark beer that picked up the spices of the mole. I was approaching a food coma at that point. But what really put me over the edge was the salted caramel ice cream. Nice and salty-sweet. And to end....a devil's kick Jim Beam. Smokey whiskey that picked up all the lingering caramel flavors in my mouth. A special occasion made special-er...
19484	796	2011-09-09	Great brunch food, great atmosphere. The grits are amazing and are a must-try.... but Bloody Mary fans beware: they serve them with bourbon. I know it's a whiskey bar, but still.
22696	796	2011-09-05	We came here for a Blackboard Eats promotion.. We made a reservation and the table was available right away. Our server was friendly and we had three amazing courses. The portions were very generous and the promotion had a drink pairing with every course. We finished our dinner with salted caramel ice cream paired with bourbon. So good. We have not been this happy overall with a meal in a while. Everything was flawless. Thanks for a good night, Char No. 4!
8897	796	2011-08-23	Bourbon bloody Mary.  You'll never go Russian again.
52912	796	2011-08-21	There is a war that is constantly being waged in my stomach, one between my love for Italian and Southern food.   While New York is exploding with some truly exceptional Italian restaurants that leave me feeling as if I were eating steps from the Duomo in Florence, I have yet to feel the same from our minuscule collection of Southern restaurants. However, I have recently been proven perfectly wrong after a recent brunch at Char No. 4. My friend and I went looking for a nice brunch containing bread-like substances and bloody mary's. Luckily, I had been told by many a person of the amazing brunch at Char No. 4, especially their Bacon Cheddar Grits and the Chipotle Bourbon Blood Mary. When I mentioned this to my friend, she could not say yes quick enough. Arriving at 10:30 there were only a handful of tables filled so we decided to go to their amazing sun-room that is the perfect mix between an indoor booth and a garden table, and I absolutely loved the simple but elegant style with marble tables and wooden booths along with the beautiful white bright light of the sun-room ceiling.     We were given delicious coffee and ordered bloody mary's, the farmer cheese omelet with caramelized onions and basil, golden potatoes and a side of the bacon cheese grits. While I understand the allure of the bacon cheese grits, I was floored by the garlic potatoes that were perfectly browned and rubbed in garlic without being overpoweringly garlicky and the chipotle bourbon bloody mary... words cannot express. My eyes popped with my first sip and after the lion's share of the drink had passed through my liver, I was positive that if I could have one every morning, I would never catch myself yawning at my office desk. For the first time in a long time, I had nothing left on my plate and would've gone back gladly for dinner. Now that I have found somewhere that can fill the Southern hunger in my stomach, I can no longer say I need to take a trip to satiate my yearning for Southern food. Char No. 4, finally some good Southern fare in the Yankee state.
1814	796	2011-08-15	Chestnut was closed, and this place was consistently rated high for its brunch on foursquare and Yelp. I figured it was a good sign. We went for brunch, Sunday at noon as 2 people, we were seated very quickly. I got the pancakes and biscuit. The pancakes were unimpressive, although I did like the addition of the jam. But, there jam/butter:pancake ratio is insanely low. I felt like I was eating dry pancakes (because I was). The mrs got the Char No 4 eggs. She was unimpressed as well. We both liked the biscuit. The additional bacon gravy was a good combination as well. Although it's not a requirement, Iv grown accustomed to having a mimosa included in the price. There is no such policy here unfortunately. But, it was a less than $50 brunch (tip included) so I was happy. I don't get the high brush weddings, it seems like more of a dinner feel.
132278	796	2011-08-14	I've been wanting to go to this place for a long time and when a good buddy came into town I finally made it happen. Their selection is ridiculous. It took us 15 minutes before we can decide on our first drink. Despite how awesome their selection is, I am really not into the way they pour the drinks. Smallest pours ever.
144996	796	2011-08-14	They have the most amazing brunch! Be warned though... the bloody mary's are made with bourbon and they are STRONG! and served with a homemade pickle, yum! Definitely get the cheesy grits! House smoked ham and bacon. Fresh squeezed oj.
3008	796	2011-08-12	Just had lunch here. I am in love with the fried cheese curds and those bacon-y pork nuggets.  Love that they have a "Snack" menu.  I'm keeping it at 3 stars for now because I only had snacks and apps and I'm actually in a cheese curd haze right now.  There will definitely be another trip.
27585	796	2011-08-08	Two words - food orgasm.  Seriously. We had dinner at this cozy little spot on Smith a few days ago and I'm still thinking about it.  I'll start off by saying that I'm not a whiskey/bourbon/hard liquor type of gal.  If you're into that, this is probably a good choice.  If you're not into that, this is still a good choice for everything else. The restaurant itself seems small although there is a back room.  Luckily it wasn't very loud and you could have a conversation without yelling across the table.  It was pretty busy too but seating wasn't an issue.  We started off with lamb pastrami with coriander aioli, pickled onions & grilled rye-caraway bread.  I wish I had words describe the lamb-y goodness that was this appetizer.  Let's just say you should get it. For my entree I had the roasted salmon with pea tendrils & smoked pistachio-preserved lemon vinaigrette.  Sounds fancy, looked fancy, tasted insanely good.  I devoured it, much to the   embarassment of my dining partner.  Whatever, it was frickin awesome, you can't expect me NOT to inhale and make loud sexual noises while I'm doing.  You just can't.  Said dining partner had the grilled hanger steak with crispy rosemary-garlic potatoes.  I stole many mouthfuls when he wasn't looking.  Again, whatever.  Don't judge me. Speaking of not drinking - I did.  I had the "Noreaster" - bourbon with ginger beer, lime, maple syrup.  Again, not a bourbon gal but I housed that.  We topped it all off with chocolate cake - all of the above combined = bliss.  If you haven't been here before - go.  If you have - go again.  And again......
144997	796	2011-08-06	Just ask for the breakfast bacon and the pork or brisket and you will thank me. Also, their ice cream literally made me cry. And Whiskey. Whiskey EVERYWHERE!
13860	796	2011-08-03	If you like Bourbon, go here immediately. They have an amazing selection.  The bartender upselled me to an 18 year Michters that was pretty decent. I got the chopped pork sandwich with a side of baked beans. It was the house made mustard BBQ sauce that was really tasty.  The sandwich was good. Will be back to try brunch as the bourbon bloody on the menu sounded delicious. Staff was friendly, too.
33059	796	2011-07-27	I went to this place because it had such great reviews and was a critics pick on NY Mag. Maybe every other reviewer went here on a good day but I found this place to be far from amazing. When I first arrived everything looked good. There were a lot of people, the atmosphere felt right, so far so good. We sat down and ordered ourselves a drink while looking through the menu. Everything look amazing from the description. We ordered a few appetizers and the main course as well as a starter dish. I want to point out that the starter dish was fried cheese balls - they shouldn't take more than 10 minutes to make....20 if there are a lot of orders.We waited over 45 minutes for this little starter dish. Another 20 from that for the appetizers and a normal intervention after for the main. To say the food blew me away would be a high over-exaggeration. It was mediocre. The pork was dry, the salmon wasn't anything to brag about. The muscles were not my favorite at all. The only thing that was good was the cornflake crusted crabcake...and it was partly due to the sauce they had for it. The service wasn't bad but they were definitely not attentive. They never came around to see if we needed anything and it took forever to get a servers attention. I was greatly disappointed with my experience.
48458	796	2011-07-12	I stopped in for a glass of wine with the boy a while back on a quiet weekend afternoon and we weren't too impressed! We felt it was fine, but didn't quite live up to the hype... well we decided to head back recently for dinner and we were impressed! The food was great, the bourbon menu extensive and the atmosphere both fun and comfortable! The room in the back makes this a good spot to bring parents, it's quieter and brighter than the front areas! I love seafood in the summer and that's what I ate at Char No. 4! The shrimp & grits were just as good as other yelpers have said and the crab cake was also very good! I loved the fried cheese curds, they reminded me of jalapeno poppers! The boy got the steak and ate it up! I would definitely head back again for dinner, drinks or both!
6707	796	2011-07-06	A-MAZ-ING. Good food. Good cocktails. Service is a bit slow, but I look at it as more time to savor the food. Highly recommend!
74251	796	2011-06-29	Wow, some cocktail menu! Tried both the Noreaster and Hound Dog - both were good but the Noreaster definitely was the favorite. We ordered to share: Smoked & fried pork nuggets with Char No. 4 hot sauce Crispy cheddar curds with spicy pimento sauce Fried jambalaya rice balls with andouille aioli Let me tell you - holy heart attack! Everything was finger licking good and I love their creative one off sauces. For my entree, i got the grilled hanger steak - cooked to a perfect medium rare. Their chicken-fried smoked pork loin was unreal. Pork is something that's normally overcooked, but they some how mastered it so that the pork was juicy and tender. You could cut through it with a butter knife. I can't wait to come back to try everything else on the menu...
144998	796	2011-06-17	Let's kick this off with one of the best brunch cocktails I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing: BOURBON BLOODY MARY. I think that pretty much speaks for itself, although the bourbon and champagne cocktail sounded like pretty much the best thing ever, too. I had the farmer cheese and sautéed onion omelet with crispy potatoes, and both were perfectly prepared, savory without being heavy or greasy. My favorite by far was the bacon cheddar grits--huge chunks of amazingly thick-cut bacon sprinkled atop risotto-like creamy, cheesy grits will get any day off to an amazing start. The only thing keeping me from giving that 5th star was the poor service. I get that it's Brooklyn, it's New York, blah blah blah, but when did quality service become a rarity in restaurants? As a former restaurant employee, I know it can be difficult especially when the joint is hopping, but satisfied customers pay off dividends in the long run. The host was charming and courteous, but our server was harried, curt, and refused to split a check between four people. Really? Six people I would understand, but even that is not that difficult to split by seat, especially using software I'm sure has advanced in the five years since I've used it. Suck it up, split the check, and you just might get a better tip next time. Recommended, for sure, just don't be surprised if the amazing food is sullied by poor service.
13906	796	2011-06-16	I've been to Char No. 4 several times now - with family, for a whiskey tasting, for a birthday party, for brunch, for their Tuesday night chili special in the fall/winter, and let me say, it never disappoints. First of all, I'm a but whiskey aficionado.  Char's list is long and overwhelming, but exciting to peruse.  Their staff is also super knowledgeable and can help navigate the list.  (Tip - get there early for the 1/2 priced happy hour!)  They also have some pretty stellar wines and beers, for when you get tired of whiskey (I know, I know, don't shake your head at me). As for the food.  ::::drool::::  Believe me when I tell you that the bacon is life-altering.  Two thick slices come with seasonally varied accoutremounts (sp?) that provide just the right amount of acidity and texture to compliment the deliciously fatty bacon.  Seriously, go there now, just for bacon and you will not regret it.  Best of all, you can get the bacon at every meal!  The rest of their appetizers are delicious as well - I've had the chicken liver mousse, the lamb pastrami (something that pops up on "things you have to eat" lists a lot), the fried cheese curds, pickles n peanuts, smoked and fried pork nuggets, fried jambalaya balls - all have been very tasty.  For a main, the chopped pork sandwich is great - in fact my sister requests that we go to Char No. 4 every time she visits JUST so she can get that sandwich.  Me, I'm partial to the strip steak with creamed spinach and bone-marrow butter.  Bone-marrow butter!  I mean, how decadent can you get?  But if you don't want your heart transplant today, may I suggest the grilled hangar steak (still steak, no marrow)?  Or if red meat isn't your thing, the soft-shell crab or the shrimp and grits also make for lovely dinners.  However, I will say, the desserts are not my favorite.  If I get dessert, it's the ice cream, because it's homemade (butter pecan) and is served over bourbon!  Then again, I'm usually too full for dessert anyway...   Brunch is also nothing to shake a stick at.  Start with a chipotle bourbon bloody mary - smokey and spicy, with homemade pickles...oof.  And feel free to get the bacon.  I mean, when in Rome.  I'd recommend the poached eggs with cheddar bacon grits (I also would never throw a poached egg out of bed).  The brunch prix fixe is also a great deal, although I seem to remember there being a chicken sausage in there at some point in time that was delicious.  My friend once got the pancakes, and they were light, fluffy, and very yummy. Really, you can't go wrong.  Now just get your ass there.  And bring me, cause now I'm hungry!
19882	796	2011-06-15	Great place, great food, great bourbon.
88329	796	2011-06-09	My boyfriend and I went for brunch last weekend and were really disappointed.   Pros Two different styles of ambiance.  The back area has a lot of sun lights and is well lit, while the interior is more romantic. Cons Small portions. I tend to love this aspect, on most occasions, because I am a small person with a small appetite.  but even I was leaving hungry. We love bacon. a lot and order it at every brunch opportunity.  ultimate fail for fatty, 2 strips of heart attack that doesn't even taste good. For the price, it doesn't have great quality or many ingredients. Wait staff is imported from Williamsburg with hipster indifference attitude included. We were really shocked about our experience after hearing all the hype (and it's gotta a cool mysterious glow when walking past it).  Maybe it's better for dinner?
17813	796	2011-06-06	A good friend of mine was in town from New Orleans and insisted that we go to this restaurant to see his old childhood friend who is the head bartender. As an UESider, I was not thrilled to have to trek all the way to Brooklyn for what sounded like very little. Boy was I mistaken. There are two main reasons to go to Char No. 4. The first being if you're a whiskey aficionado, which I am not. The second being if you love meat. As a meat lover, I really appreciated the house cut, aged and prepared myriad of options. We went for brunch, and had the biscuits benedict and the sausage patty, fried eggs, and pancakes. We also ordered as sides the chicken sausage and the bacon cheddar grits. Everything was phenomenal. The house smoked ham and the bacon gravy on the biscuits benedict was de-lish. The other main was a bit more standard, but undeniably good. The chicken sausage was moist and succulent with excellent flavor. The highlight of the morning was definitely the bacon cheddar grits however. First off, the bacon is house cut and cured. This makes it thicker than any bacon that I've ever had. The way that it was cooked before going into the grits made it nice and crispy, which was an amazing compliment. The cheddar in the grits was particularly sharp, which was also an amazing compliment and just so delicious. I raved about the grits to everyone imaginable for weeks. Since we knew the bartender, naturally we had to drink. My friend ordered a classic New Orleans sazerac, which is neither common nor easy. It was done perfectly. Even if you live far away, Char No. 4 warrants the trek, no questions asked.
144999	796	2011-06-04	I didn't eat here and only came in for the Bourbon.    As a connoisseur of the fine American brown stuff, I was impressed.    Chief problem was the price and size of the pour.     My ENTIRE life, a shot pour is 1.5 oz.   these guys only pour 1 oz.    So when you pay $18 for a double and only end up with 2 oz, you will be very Sad.   This place is not a good value, even for Brooklyn.   There are better whiskey joints at lower prices in Manhattan.   However, if you want to see most of the US's whiskey at one time - this is the place.
33219	796	2011-06-03	On my never-ending list of restaurants I must visit, Char No.4 on Smith Street was at the top. Touting a barbecue-centric menu,  I was holding out for brunch, which seemed like a more interesting variety than a typical meat-heavy dinner. Apparently the pedestal I placed it upon, married with the anticipation of which weekend would finally be the one, was the wrong recipe. Allow me to set the tone by saying that I'm glad I did not have to wait for a table on this Saturday afternoon, or that would have been the stinging salt in the wound. My selective memory led me astray, apparently morphing the remembered menu into an idea it was not, like a wicked game of Telephone. As soon as it was placed in front of me, the interest meter plummeted. Suddenly nothing appeared as creative or tantalizing as I had recalled; the script did not speak to me, which is never a good sign. When the difficulty in deciding what to order stems from a lack of interest, as opposed to too many eye-catching options, the fun is drained and you have good reason to fear the looming bad omen. Such was my case, as the uninteresting and the bland permeated my plates. The chili-marinated shrimp atop sweet corn-hominy grits, assured to be a staple by our server, lacked any flavor one might have expected from the sound of it. It even visually deceived me: pretty on the plate, but not in my mouth. If this is their staple, then there doesn't seem to be much hope for the other dish. Delivered verbally as a special, something must have gotten lost in translation: a lamb pastrami hash with two soft eggs, mounted with an arugula salad and goat cheese horseradish dressing. Sounded delicious. Tasted like nothing. How is that possible with lamb?! And the odd raw-meat consistency didn't help much. They also didn't score any points by serving an overcooked egg. Come on people, throw me a frickin' bone here. I resorted to slathering on as much dressing as possible with every bite to keep my taste buds awake. And the kicker: it didn't even have goat cheese! It was definitely a mustard-based sauce without a hint of that unmistakably discernible cheese, which I was looking forward to palate-pairing with the lamb.  A let down in every possible way. There is silver lining in this tale: their bourbon-based bloody mary was excellent. In my opinion, the only way a bloody mary should be made and the only reason for a return visit. Spiked with chipotle and garnished with a sour pickle, I would opt for this fulfilling refreshment as my meal. The liquid diet is the way to go in this joint. The other cocktail ordered, "Hound Dog," was also beautifully bourbon but on the lighter, sweeter side with ginger, grapefruit, mint, lime, and honey. Conclusion: Skip the bites and head straight for the bar. Make it a bourbon-only brunch at Char No.4.
145000	796	2011-05-30	I used to live in this neighborhood but had moved out right before this place opened so I've always wanted to try it.  I have heard a lot of great things about this place.  We had called pretty late on Saturday night and they had said that the kitchen was still open.  We were at a bar close by so we headed over a few minutes after we called.  I don't know if it was because they were so close to closing the kitchen or that they didn't really care for us, but the food was pretty bad.  If they didn't care about what they were serving us they could have told us the kitchen was closed.  We would have been happy to have gone elsewhere.  My sister's pork was undercooked and pink in the middle.  My soft shell crabs were not soft at all.  They tasted like i was eating shrimp tails.  Was pretty disappointed being that the place is pretty pricey and the food was crappy.  What a complete letdown.  Would love to give this place another chance to change my review but after that first visit i don't think they deserve it.
39264	796	2011-05-29	I can't speak for the food, only their Scotch selection.   Scotch selection is wonderful and fairly priced for Scotch. I've paid the same in dive-y bars for a glass of Glenlivet than I did for the arguably better scotches that I bought here. Kind of annoying that a 2 oz glass is exactly equal to the price of two 1 oz glasses (don't you understand economics?) but that also meant I didn't feel bad about ordering a bunch of 1 oz glasses to test things out. The bartender was awesome and helpful. I muttered something like "peaty, Islays, like Lagavulin" and he delivered up some amazing suggestions based upon that.  It was a Scotch knowledgeable bartender that delivered me from blended whiskeys (I drank Dewar's at one point? How is that even possible?) so I'll always have a special place in my heart for bartenders that know their Scotch.
29467	796	2011-05-22	It seems fitting that I ate here on D-day since if the world is ending then I would definitely choose Char No. 4 as my last brunch. If you look over and you just see an empty plate and just a pile of clothes, the rapture took me.... happy, satiated and with a smile. This was a lunch of un-worldly proportions served up by Jesus (our waiter) himself. Coincidence? I think not. Everything was absolutely sensational. And really I stopped and exclaimed, "This is the best brunch EVER." Definitely try the Pre-fix brunch special. 16 bucks gets you a sampler of everything you'd want to fill you tummy with pre-apocalypse. You get (actually) crispy fingerling potatoes, a perfectly poached egg, honey smoked ham (the real-deal day after Christmas kinda ham), cheesy delicious grits only a true Southern belle could stir up, and a biscuit with this phenomenal I'll-stop -the-world-and-melt-with-you honey-almond butter. Plus it comes with a coffee and freshly-squeezed OJ. Poached eggs and cheesy grits: 10 bucks for a great portion of the deliciousness. Potato pancake, gravlax and arugula: Yummy and flavorful, enraptures your palate. If it's really the end of the world as we know it, I feel fine.
963	796	2011-05-13	My absolute favorite thing here is their drink the Spicy Buck ($11, Weller Antique bourbon & Blenheim SC Spicy Ginger Ale). The ginger ale is really ginger-y and not sweet and really matches the bourbon in bite and spice. I have to say first off the service is stellar; really friendly and they seem to magically know when to check on you, when to leave you alone and when your drink needs refilling. This is clutch. GW & I came here a couple of times because of the late night menu and the location to other drinking and other activities. And because boys like steak. Duh. And the steak is the thing to get here, for sure. Tender and juicy, like it should be. The Grilled hanger steak with crispy rosemary-garlic potatoes ($24) was amazing yet surprisingly so was the Herb-marinated grilled half chicken with roasted potatoes, fennel, bacon & pickled ramps ($22). The gnocchi was pretty bad, though, and I feel like it's almost my fault for ordering that at a steak house. They tasted like bland croquettes in a questionable brown sauce. I see they've been taking off the menu in just the few weeks since I've been there so, I guess I wasn't the only one to think so. To start we had Smoked & fried pork nuggets with hot sauce ($4) which were spicy and crunchy, but the Crispy cheddar curds with spicy pimento sauce ($7) were a bit of a let down and not too exciting. The Cornflake crusted crab cake with lemon bay leaf sauce ($9) changed our "I'm not really a crabcake person" into a "wow, this is awesome!" person. But, to be fair, he does overuse the word awesome a bit. ;) Would I go back? Absolutely. Girls, bring a boy here.
47984	796	2011-05-12	Bourbon & Bacon, what's not to like? Decor: Nice. Bourbon selection: Lots Food: Apps are better than mains. Read on to see why. Apps: - Thick cut bacon: Thick cut smoked bacon. Flavorful w/o being too salty. The accompanying grilled onions and sundried tomatoes further offset the salt w/ some sweet and tart. - Lamb pastrami: You'd never know it was lamb. Good pastrami w/ hints of coriander. Comes w/ two thick cut grilled pieces of bread in case you want to make a sandwich. - Deep fried pork nuggets: Like pork tater tots. Good, but I'd rather have more bacon and pastrami. Or the cheese thing which we didn't order. - Bacon jalapeno cornbread: Tasty w/o being overpowered by the jalapeno. Mains: - Strip steak w/ creamed spinach and marrow butter: Cooked rare just the way we asked, it's a steak w/ creamed spinach. The marrow butter didn't do much except up the richness. It's a good steak, but it ain't smoked pork or pastrami so it's not as flavorful as the apps. - Chicken Fried Smoked Pork Loin: There's nothing I don't like about all those words. Definitely tastier than the steak and came w/ some nicely caramelized root veggies. Still, the breading could've been spicier or more flavorful and the meat itself was more sweet than savory. It needed some extra punch. - Shrimp & Grits: Shrimp were nice, but the grits were kinda sweet and the grits themselves were larger than I'm used to. It's good, but again, the porky apps outshone them. Dessert: - Key lime pie w/ toasted marshmallows: winner! Get this. - Butter pecan ice cream w/ brandy: OK, but not spectacular. It actually went unfinished.
85535	796	2011-05-07	flank steak, creamed spinach & a flight of whiskey (whiskey, bourbon and rye) with good friends - doesn't get any better.
34391	796	2011-05-03	Good food although I'm not sure it's worth the wait on a weekend. I went for brunch on a Sunday and the place was understaffed and somewhat inattentive. Food itself was decent, I got the shrimp and grits and the shrimp was cooked perfectly. Thick cut bacon is also delicious. The space itself is pretty in the front but I wouldn't call the seating particularly comfortable at the back.
6057	796	2011-04-28	I wanted soo much to love this place especially since it was my first post-baby night out with my girlfriends. Perhaps it's my fault to choose this place knowing full on that I would not be drinking. The restaurant is small, which is pretty on par with the cutesy Brooklyn restaurants that I have come to love. But I just didn't love the food. I was deprived of pate through my pregnancy and was more than ecstatic to see that it was offered on the menu. Took a bite and it was just too gamey. Plus even if it was good, the 3 pieces of bread they give you is just plain stingy. My sister's jambalaya was probably the most edible. I'm not writing it off entirely, would still love to try it for brunch.
54525	796	2011-04-23	I have been here numerous times (dinner, weekend brunch, quick swig of Bourbon late at night) and this place always delivers. The food here is amazing and a bit underrated. If you are a fan of Southern Food, you will not be disappointed by the beautifully executed menu. Also, if you like drinking the brown stuff, like me, it's always fun to take your time reading their whiskey menu in search of something new. The bourbon bloody mary is also amazing!
33930	796	2011-04-23	So Char No. 4 has an enormous amount of press, with the name I was expecting a woodsy whiskey filled dark space with lots of coziness in general. Sadly, Char No. 4 is the opposite, it feels somewhat like an upscale hotel bar and the selection of whiskeys/bourbons is definitely grand in scale but I personally didn't find the bartender of the day that I went to be helpful at all in choosing something spectacular. He also was a bit catty saying snarky remarks about most people who ordered anything, could be chalked up to a bad day for anyone but really wasn't an overall great experience because of his attitude. The food is probably really great, lots of bacon and smokey items. I think I had smokey peanuts or something similar which were delicious. Being veggie there weren't many choices, I just wish there was maybe a larger and more interesting cocktail list and it was just overall disappointing.
64337	796	2011-04-21	I'm gonna preface this with: I don't eat meat, and I drink a lot of booze in interesting places. If either of those things are true for you, too, then you're going to be unimpressed by Char No. 4: the food is arright, but the prices are high and the veg selection is limited; the bourbon selection is good, but the costs ain't; the service is meh, and there's no reason for it (you use jiggers to pour your bourbons? You aren't mixin' anything, so come on, give me a manly pour); the decor is blah; the clientele is very CG. So it goes.
8280	796	2011-04-14	*  3.5 stars  * Sleek, sliver of a place serving up prettied foods inspired by Southern cuisine that are quite delicious, with a bar that welcomes whiskey worship. The bar area by the entrance had quite an arresting wall display of more whiskeys and bourbons that I'd ever guessed existed.  Available by the 1 oz taste or 2 oz glass, this is a nice way to introduce whiskey/bourbon to your palate.  They also have some great, balanced whiskey cocktails.  Come Mon - Fri during happy hour and they have a selection of cocktails and whiskeys by the taste/glass for half price for a better deal. Just past the bar until the back of the narrow dining space is a row of super comfy, roomy booths that can fit 4 comfortably or up to 6 each, and an adjacent row of tables for 2.  Light woods, dark seats, contemporary lines and fixtures, including the eye-catching barrel-like array of lamps above the bar. They have a straightforward menu without too much clutter, only a page long.  From the starters there are addictive cheddar curds, crispy, cheesy tasty bites that match well with the delicious pimiento dipping sauce.  The house smoked bacon is not for the fat-phobic; two thickly sliced, solid pieces of bacon with layers of fat and flavor.  The lamb pastrami was also fantastic, thinly sliced with pickled onions adding a refreshing kick.  Pork shoulder and liver pate was fairly smooth with toothsome lumps, great on their crusty bread. Entrees were less impressive than the starters, but still good overall.  The hangar steak was well-prepared but wished it had a more memorable flavor while accompanying fried potatoes were crispy and ironically heavenly with the sinful bone marrow butter.  Chile-marinated shrimp were perfectly cooked with a snappy texture but no heat at all; it sat on top of really good grits.  Boar sausage was delicious.  Sweet potato gnocchi were deep fried and both looked and tasted like sweet potato tots; can't say I was a big fan of these. From their three available desserts (didn't try their assortment of dessert whiskies), the key lime pie was my favorite and one of the better ones I've had in the city, including a super crumbly fresh crust and lovely meringue on top, but the ice cream with walnuts and bourbon was surprisingly good AND strong.  Didn't like the peanut butter brownie much because of the tough texture. Char No. 4 is a nice place with pretty good food, and definitely seems worth a trip if you have any interest or curiosity about whiskey/bourbon.
20381	796	2011-04-13	I like this place and I'll go back for: cheddar curds (and the delicious dipping sauce), pork nuggets, and the comfy booths/atmosphere.  They're under the "Snacks" section of the menu and are a good reason to stop in.   I found the brisket good, but slightly bland (even with the sauce), and ditto for the beans.  Service was laughably serious (host: "Do you have a reservation this evening?"  me: "No."  host, tapping away at a computer screen: "Well, we should be able to accommodate you this evening.  Let me just make sure.")  I should add that the back room and part of the center room were empty.  Mostly solid service, though, aside from a long wait to order and a long-ish wait for food.   CLEARLY OVERPRICED!  It's pretty obvious that the restaurant portion of this place wants to be taken more seriously than it should (see: exorbitant prices and over-serious waitstaff).  The funny contrast is that the front bar portion seems to attract large groups of hipsters (whose body odor happened to be stinking up the place the night I was there).   Will go back for a beer and cheddar curds at an off-hour, and would like to try the brunch.
145001	796	2011-04-05	It was alright. Bacon looked yummy even, evern though I didn't eat it. I had the brisket, not bad. didn't have any whiskey. i'm going to have to give this place another try sometime. i just ended up not being that hungry anymore by time i got there.
6750	796	2011-03-31	i'm not going to be able to add much that previous reviewers haven't already said... but man, this place is DEE-licious. bacon everywhere. good thinking. it's a little on the pricey side, but as my bf points out, it's actually worth the price, unlike standard brunch fare that isn't anything special.  at least this is different, more unusual food, and it's also quite filling. on our most recent visit i had the biscuits benedict with bacon gravy, and i couldn't come even close to finishing it. (on my first visit i had the gravlax, which was also delicious but less heavy, and i had to resist the urge to lick my plate.) if you get there no later than noon, then you shouldn't have too difficult of a time getting in.
8339	796	2011-03-29	Goddamn your whiskey menu, cheddar curds and thick bacon strips... some day I'll order something else.
11040	796	2011-03-26	I gave their brunch another shot today, and I was not impressed. To be fair, their service was fantastic. The host and the waitress were friendly and fast. This place is expensive. Too much so for the area and what they offer. The atmosphere is too dark and claustrophobic. The sound level was almost deafening. For dinner or drinks I usually have no problem with a noisy place, but for brunch? I'd prefer to be able to talk to rather than yell at my wife. The coffee was burnt and lukewarm. No splenda. The brunch menu offers nothing unique. More southern style offerings (which i'm usually a fan of) that were mediocre and boring in their execution. I ordered the poached eggs and bacon cheddar grits. No toast, or even a small fresh salad came with it. It was a bowl of grits (they were still pretty good) topped with one egg that was floating on a layer of grease. Normally i can handle pretty rich food, but I definitely felt nauseous after this one. The wife had the house parmesan chicken sausage that was nothing special. The sausage was undercooked, extremely greasy and just did not taste very flavorful. The biscuit with bacon gravy was good though. Again, no salad, no toast. Nothing extra. She ended up not being able to finish the sausage because it was so greasy. I ate a bit of it and most of my grits n' eggs. For $40 she left hungry and I left feeling sick. With their massive selection of bourbon, Char No. 4 seems better suited for the midnight patrons.
1934	796	2011-03-24	I can only speak for the decor and bar, as I only ordered a dirty martini. The bar is well stocked and the ambiance is warm and cozy. They had an extensive whiskey selection, one of which my friend seemed to flip over! I loved the lamps at the entrance! The brunch menu was to-die-for! I couldn't help but notice that a lot of their menu items were house-smoked, or cured. That is a nice touch in my book. I can't wait to go back and try their thick-cut bacon and bacon, cheddar grits!
74218	796	2011-03-22	I've been to Char No. 4 twice. My first visit was almost a year ago, my second was two weeks ago. Unfortunately, I was a bit disappointed the second time around. First of all, this place has a great atmosphere and a beautiful bar with a good crowd. I recommend it for going to the bar to have a few drinks and some snacks. I do not drink whiskey, which is what they specialize in, so that's kind of a bummer. I hear from others that their whiskey selection is impressive. When I was there most recently, I drank white wine. I had one glass each of the two different white wines by the glass (I believe a French Chardonnay and maybe a Pinot Grigio), neither was very good. I made a reservation, but the party before ours was taking their time at the table, so they sat us at a table in the back room. I personally would have waited longer for the original table to avoid being in that awful back room, but I sensed my friends didn't share my sentiment. My point is that the back room sucks. Food: my first time here I shared the lamb pastrami, which was excellent, and had the jambalaya as my entree, which was also very good. Most recently, I had the house cured bacon appetizer with mushrooms and goat cheese. The combination of these 3 ingredients was surprisingly delicious, but the bacon just wasn't that spectacular. For my entree I had the shrimp and grits. Good shrimp, good grits, again, nothing spectacular. Maybe I just had unreasonably high expectations. Overall the food was very good, but not great. I have heard that their brunch is fantastic though, and would like to try it.
38892	796	2011-03-14	Thank you, Char 4, for tasty food, and an AWESOME bourbon tasting at the table. we recently came here for my husband's birthday, and ended up making a super last minute reservation (wasn't sure if hubs would have to work, luckily he didn't!). so, he's a big whiskey/bourbon fan and I called up Char around 3 pm, asked them for a table at 7:15, and a private tasting, and the incredibly charming and friendly Brad obliged us. i know jack squat about bourbon, but both my husband and his friend were very impressed; brad really knew his stuff and we did a 4 glass tasting accompanied by a delicious southern inspired dinner. We greatly appreciated the professionalism, flexibility, and friendliness. Thank you brad and char 4!
14918	796	2011-03-14	Lamb pastrami. Good! I'd like to order them again next time I go. Cheese curds, I'd pass. They were a bit bland. BBQ sandwiches. Good! They're really moist and melts in your mouth. The BBQ sauce they use is amazing. Beans. Good! Jalapeno cornbread. Good! It's cornbread w/ a hint of jalapeno and bits of bacon inside. I've been here twice and both times have been pretty excellent. I really like the lighting in this place. The atmosphere was very friendly and I wish I came here more often. I also would want to come w/ more knowledge about bourbon and whiskey.
21776	796	2011-03-11	We came here for brunch on a cold, gray Sunday, after we'd been walking around outside for a while and were chilled to the bone. I ordered the Poached Eggs with Bacon Cheddar Grits and it was just the perfect comfort food to warm me back up. The idea of soft eggs on top of grits seemed a little strange to me at first (I worried about the lack of textural contrast), but it was really nice to be able to tuck into a big deep bowl of warm, creamy, salty gooeyness. My hubby had the Biscuits Benedict, which was exactly what it sounds like-- the lovechild of eggs benedict and biscuits and gravy. He gobbled it up. I also loved the idea and flavor of their whiskey Bloody Mary. Even the coffee was particularly good.
20407	796	2011-03-09	I've been here several times now.  On my initial visit, I enjoyed sampling whiskey and eating some cheese curds, all in a laid back atmosphere. However, the past three times I have been to Char No. 4, I realize it doesn't have that much of a unique perspective to offer.  There are so many solid bars in the general vicinity (Clover Club, for example, where the prices are soooo worth it) that unless you want to have an ounce or two of a really unusual whiskey, it's just not worth the money.  It's too bad, I really, really want to like you, Char No. 4. Beyond the prices and disappointment with the concept, my overall experience there was always pleasant and I will give them an extra star for the attentive service.
11266	796	2011-03-09	A few friends and I visited Char No. 4 for their special "Crawfish Boil" and we all had one word in mind -- DISAPPOINTING. By the looks of the place, their email marketing campaign worked since most of the patrons were there for crawfish. The place was packed and unless you previously made a reservation, getting a table for four was no longer available until 9:45 p.m. But was all the hype, worth the wait? Sadly, I think Char No. 4 failed to deliver and here's why. 1. Taste. The entire plate of seafood lacked flavor. 2. Portion Size. You could order the Crawfish for one, two, or whatever size of your party.  We ordered for three and it seemed like it was for two 3. Service.  Aside from the awesome host, Brad, the waiter service was bad. Overall, the crawfish boil was a bust. Paying $69 for a plate of bland seafood sized with what they consider a portion for three should have been served with more than three Abita beers -- and in my opinion, the crawfish boil was just not worth it. So, would I come here again? No. In good faith, we did try other items on the menu, such as the gumbo, crabcakes and spicy pork nuggets -- all of which surprisingly had flavor and offered some redemption to the Crawfish, but not much. Of the three, I think the gumbo would probably be my favorite (and why didn't they cook the crawfish with this flavor?). The crabcakes are hard to mess up, however, the lemon cream on the plate was too lemony. The spicy pork nuggets was a surprise - take one bite and "poof" goes the nugget -- it was as if the bite pushed the air out of the nugget and that was sort of cool.  But, again, I just don't think the food at Char No. 4 was all that spectacular - just okay and in my opinion, does not warrant another visit. It looks like other reviewers enjoyed their regular dining menu and the whiskey menu, so its up to you whether or not you think its worth paying over $20 for a entree at this place. -- But that's just me - happy eating from simplyMeinNYC!
78797	796	2011-03-08	4.5 stars Food= 5 stars Price= 4 stars Char No.4 is a local love of mine! Most of the plates, however, are $20+ which is a bit steep. This doesn't really affect me though, since I always get the House smoked brisket with pickled cabbage, beer cheese & side of borracho beans for $12. Beer in the cheese and beer in the beans! Delicious! I like dipping the sandwich in the bean juice too, it makes the tender meat even juicier (obviously)! The second time I had this sandwich it wasn't Quite as moist as the first time, but it certainly wasn't dry my any means. The chopped pork sandwich and the pulled pork sandwich, which was a special, are also nice and tender! The whiskey cocktails are tasty, but I think Char No. 4 really stands out because of its vast collection of whiskeys that you can try by the ounce. I just went back 3 days ago and the Bernheim Wheat Whiskey was no longer on the menu. My boyfriend and I had been  meaning to try this whiskey and were so excited to see it on Char's online drink menu. When we arrived at the restaurant, however, it wasn't on the list! GASP! We inquired about this to the waiter who, to our great pleasure, said they still had the whiskey. As far as we know, Berheim is the only company making a straight wheat whiskey... and they do it very well! Extremely smooth texture while maintaining that whiskey kick to your throat! I know Char is in no way responsible for the greatness of this whiskey, but it's hard to find. So if you're curious,  try it at Char! Great with Char's meat! When you go, sign up for their list-serve... they have whiskey tastings!   I still need to try their brunch!
98576	796	2011-03-05	I have eaten dinner at Char 4 and it was great, but I just had an amazing brunch there and wanted to tell the world.  Sometimes a meal can change your entire attitude.  I feel like I just got a massage.  I had the chicken sausage with biscuit and bacon gravy with a sunny side up egg.  Yeah...exactly.  I will be back and I suggest you go.
14507	796	2011-03-02	I recently went to a baby shower here--yes, baby shower in a bourbon bar, only in Brooklyn, etc etc--which leads me to believe that Char No. 4 is the right place for EVERYTHING. There is no wrong time to steer your friends to Char No. 4, unless that time is after midnight, in which case Char No. 4 will be closed (been there). The cocktails are wonderful, although with such a top-shelf collection of bourbon and whiskeys, you're almost tempted to try them neat. And I must command you to order the cheddar cheese curds, maybe twice. I'd put them on par with The Vanderbilt's beef jerky in terms of Platonic Bar Food.
6812	796	2011-02-27	Very disappointing. The best of it was the pate, which was ok. The person I was with got the crab cake and said it was the worst one she's ever had. The lemon chicken, I just don't understand. There was a strong, bitter, one-note smoke taste to it, and on top of it and all over it was this horrible thick lemon sauce that overpowered it in a way that I swear to God was like someone had sprayed it with Pledge. I don't understand how food like this could be served in a seemingly popular restaurant. Whiskey was great! I was really hoping this would be a solid neighborhood place, but it was really just gross. I know this sounds like exaggeration, but jeez, it was just freakin terrible. And for $120 for two people, they should be ashamed of what they are putting on the plate. And good look finding someone to pay attention to you after they've got your order.
5981	796	2011-02-26	My, oh, my, I didn't know what I was missing until I went to Char 4 for brunch today. Holy is their biscuit eggs benedict delicious. I'm not lying to you yelpers, it is THE shit!  Their bacon cheddar grits also THE shit. I had a cup of coffee to help wash it all down and started with a delicious hot toddy before food came. The toddy was exactly what I needed/wanted.   Back to the food....if you're a traditional eggs benedict then you'll be in for a pleasant surprise. Hollandaise sauce is replaced with a thick and rich gravy that sits on top and around two square and moist biscuits covering a piece of ham. The eggs are perfectly flash poached eggs to the side of the plate.  I will say that the eggs lacked flavor, so I added some hot sauce to them, but the gravy, ham and biscuit part needed nothing. Absolutely nothing. The grits, well, if you order a side, they come in a HUGE bowl, so you may not need to eat anything else. They're totally worth ordering, sharing, hoarding, whatever you want to do with them. They're cheesy, but not too cheesy and have just the right amount of bacon in them and flavoring them. I may dream about these grits for a while to come. I would totally recommend this place for brunch. As for the ambiance, very comfortable indeed. The servers were all attentive and helpful. I can't wait to go back, especially for those grits. YUM!
102006	796	2011-02-22	Char No.4 only gets 3 stars this visit.  The Gnocchi makes for a perfect starter and the grilled brussels sprouts were perfection.  My partners pork sandwich was incredible!  If only the service had the same quality as the food and you would have an incredible experience.   The gorgeous red head must have be having a bad day... She barely said a word to anyone at the bar and her male counterpart was even less friendly. The hostess was exactly the same. They spoke the minimum and barely could force a smile.  Whats the deal with the don't care attitudes?!   It's getting old.  I would have given them more stars if they just tried to engage their customers.  Its unfortunate because its so unnecessary and its the easiest way to keep the business coming and even earn extra cash on your customer tips.
41723	796	2011-02-15	Went last night for Valentine's Day dinner...what are they paying the maitre d' here?  He is too frickin' nice!  Service and food were excellent.  We had a great meal and a great time. The whiskey-pairings with the meal were spot on.
28046	796	2011-02-13	I've been here several times for drinks and appetizers, and they never disappoint. Pork nuggets, fried cheese curd, and thick cut bacon are superb.   For dinners, we've enjoyed the Hanger steak, grilled boar sausage, short ribs, and pork sandwich.  Everything about this place..food, ambiance, wait staff, drink selection...is proudly combined for an excellent experience.  Their whiskey menu is huge, and non-whiskey drinks and wine selection are also impressive.  I will certainly continue coming here.
80079	796	2011-02-12	Definitely a must go for brunch!!!! My fellow food-loving friend found this place and dragged me off Da Island into Brooklyn to have brunch.  The interior is really nice and welcoming.  The bar in the front is very cool and there is enough bourbon and whiskey behind the bar to kill a heard of cattle. Ambience--Awesome.  They have booths for parties of 4 and tables for two.  They also have a section in the back for larger parties.  Cozy, not huge, and definitely a place that can accommodate you and your friends. Service--Again, awesome.  Our waiter was attentive and had some great suggestions.  (He also had a sexy deep voice which made listening to him so much more fun =)  ) Food--I got the chicken sausage, eggs and biscuits.  AMAZING.  Beware of their hot sauce...it's REALLY hot.  But if you're someone who likes to sweat while you eat, order an extra large serving =)  And their brunch Bloody Marys are to die for, perfectly executed, and only $7!!! I highly encourage you to try this place out.  It's in a cute neighborhood and we had a great time there.  Apparently they also have free bourbon tasting nights as well, so make sure you get on their mailing list!
90215	796	2011-02-10	Bourbon, whiskey & southern food.  If they let me fire up a cigar for dessert, I'd be in heaven. Char has an extensive bourbon and whiskey menu to choose from.  As much as I enjoy the available variety, I'm a sucker for the spicy ginger ale & bourbon mixed drink that they make. I even started making them at home.  Appetizers are all great with the lamb pastrami being my favorite.  The pickled onions and coriander aioli give it just the lamb pastrami just the right amount of flavor.  The thick cut bacon and cheese curds are pretty good too.  For a main, the smoked sage pork sausage is the way to go.  The jambalaya is great and very tasty.  I thought the steak was good, not great.  My only complaint is the service.   The place seems to get really busy and, as a result, food sometimes take way too long (30 min between courses) to get to your table.  But as long as you have a glass of whiskey or bourbon to hold you over, it's not too bad.  Prices are slightly above moderate.  Well worth it if you're looking for some southern food and drink.
19020	796	2011-02-06	Had an awesome brunch here. The buttermilk was fluffy and the pumpkin butter was good.  The bacon cheddar grits were artery-cloggingly delicious.  The only thing I didn't like was the smoked pork nuggets.  It sounded amazing, but it was lacking in a nice porky, meaty flavor - it tasted simply fried, if that makes any sense.
145002	796	2011-02-05	If you want a special experience, Char No. 4 is your spot. My husband is a huge whiskey/scotch/bourbon fanatic but didn't know a ton about the ins and outs of how they differ, so for his birthday I wanted to set up a private tasting of different drinks paired with food for him to experience.  Brad, the manager, was truly amazing.  Not only was he unbelievably accommodating from the whiskies chosen to the date we came in (I changed it a few times as plans shifted), but he also worked with me to pick the perfect menu for the hubby and me for our night.  He worked really hard to make sure that everything that I was hoping for was taken care of - above and beyond any restaurant manager I have yet to meet.  I was so excited to come in after all the planning.  And I was not disappointed.   When we arrived, they ushered us a our set table with our pre-chosen menu printed up and waiting for us.  Scott Gold, who works the bar some nights, was brought in to guide us through the tasting and I can't say enough about how awesome he was!  Wow, was he a wealth of knowledge, and very gracious and sweet.  We learned so much - he was attentive and fantastic.  All of the food was outstanding - I HIGHLY recommend the cheddar curds, scallops and the chocolate brownie dessert...we couldn't stop talking about them all night. All in all, the staff was wonderful, knowledgeable and incredibly nice.  We were encouraged to relax and take our time...which we did with the delicious food and low-key ambiance.  Thanks to Char No. 4 for making the my guy's birthday so special - we'll definitely be back.
12660	796	2011-02-04	Char No. 4 is one of those classy whisky/bourbon joints. When you walk in, you get that beautiful smoky smell and the quaint glow of lights. It is so nice that you just want to kick back with your favorite glass of bourbon. There's no kicking back though because Char No. 4 is an experience. having one of their prix fixe meals with whisky pairings is quite a delicious experience. One that has to be savored and enjoyed. I love that they have so many rotating choices on their menu and they are so willing to spend time explaining the various liquor choices to the clientele that may not know the difference between the malts, distilleries, or barrels that are used in each varietal of whisky. Such a delicious experience. Go and go now.
6734	796	2011-02-02	my life will never be the same now that i know about bone marrow butter... smother a steak with enough bone marrow butter and something good is sure to happen. not to mention the stroke of genius that is parsnips and spinach. super yums. we also had some sort of pate with plums and sourdough or something or other... honestly, after a couple of manhattans, i can't really remember everything. oh and the manhattans are strong, but subtle and oh so delicious. i'm giving this place an extra star for being able to squeeze us in so quickly on a busy saturday evening.
8320	796	2011-02-01	The food and the space were 5 stars.  I only took one off because I would have liked to see a few more options on the menu. We came to try the pork nuggets, and they really lived up!  Smokier than I expected, but better than I could have imagined.  Julian M. had the chopped pork sandwich, and I had the smoked brisket sandwich.  I thought mine was better, and he thought his was better, but truthfully, they were both amazing.  The star of both meals, however, were the beans.  Mine came with barracho beans and his came with baked.  I cannot believe how delicious my beans were.   We also tried many whiskeys.  Since we were sitting at the bar, staring at, and comparing the many many bottles was a great source of entertainment for us throughout our meal.   I seriously cannot wait to go back.
1081	796	2011-01-31	We came here for a quick late brunch bite and ended up having a meal and a couple of cocktails.  There is a wide array of interesting brunch options to choose from, but I decided to just order a couple side dishes instead.  I had a fresh buttermilk biscuit with bacon gravy (a nice variation on the more traditional sausage gravy) and a side of slab bacon. Those of you who read my reviews know that I'm no stranger to bacon.  From the slab bacon at Peter Luger's to the sugar-cured bacon at Clinton Street Baking Co. to the tempura fried bacon at Red Cat, I thought I'd had most varieties of bacon available in NYC.   Char 4 presents a new take on slab bacon.  I don't know how they do it, but it's like they're taking a slab of pork belly and rendering it down to bacon consistency while still being more than a half-inch thick.  Seriously, if you like bacon you need to eat brunch here.
6169	796	2011-01-30	Sunday afternoon brunch: Bourbon bloody mary's with pickles instead of celery, 3/4" inch pancakes, big strips of bacon. That's what I'm talking about!
10248	796	2011-01-26	always a great option for brunch. when i sleep in, the thing that perks me up is saying hello to my fluffy pancakes, creamy grits and super fried pork nuggets
9915	796	2011-01-25	Horray, Char 4! We tried this place (finally!) on a Monday night, $10 gift card in hand. The boyfriend was beyond excited to try one of their gazillion whiskey choices, and I couldn't wait to stuff my face. We started with drinks- he got a 2 oz whiskey ($8) and I ordered a delicious hot toddy with bourbon ($9). It was effing freezing out, and we definitely needed the warm up our drinks provided. We moved on to the thick-cut bacon appetizer which was to-die for. I mean, it's tough to go wrong with bacon, but the pairing of apples and vinaigrette was beyond fantastic. We both ordered the pork sandwich with a side of baked beans. The sandwich was excellent- tender, covered in a delicious mayo-bbq sauce, with pickled onions and peppers on the side. The baked beans were not my favorite- a bit soupy and a tad too spicy. I was craving the Original Recipe, via Bush's, instead it just tasted like they were doused in Red Hot. Great service, laid back decor and atmosphere: I can't wait to try this place for brunch!
3518	796	2011-01-15	There's a lot of love for Char No. 4 on Yelp. So it was with anticipation that I finally got around to it. Yes, it's nicely designed and attractive.  Yes, the service is good. Yes, the menu is interesting. Yes, the drinks are quite good (man, that bourbon Bloody Mary is tasty). My problem with Char No. 4 is the food.  It's just not so good.  It's lacking flavor.  As someone who has spent some time in the South and with an appreciation of good Southern food, I must report that Char No. 4 is "Yankee Southern".  Sorry. The famous fried cheddar curds that everyone rapses poetic over?  Meh. The bacon cheddar grits?  Uninspired. The Ham with maple?  Better at home. The Chicken Sausage with Parmesan cheese?  Half of it was taken home for the dog. The way I look at it, if you're going to indulge in highly caloric and fatty Southern food, it had better be good.
9473	796	2011-01-13	I've been to this place twice, first for brunch and second for dinner. First, I'd say definitely go for the brunch. It was delicious and filling. Biscuits, gravy, thick tasty bacon, great cocktails, all the good stuff! If I was only counting the brunch, I would have given it four stars. In terms of dinner though, our dining experience was hampered from arrival, since they seated us in a newly added backroom (many of the other tables were empty, since it was 6:15 and a number were still empty when we left, so I have no idea why they seated us there). That said, the added on room is so far away from everything; past the kitchen, bathroom, and up some stairs. It's cold, bare white painted walls, and the overall decor doesn't remotely match the rest of the restaurant. It's so bad, it literally felt like we walked into a nice restaurant to be seated in half-completed take-out joint. The lighting is so low, you have to squint to even see the menu. A bare window with bars over it supplied a little more light, when a neighbor living in a building nearby turned on their lights (literally). I truly found it insulting being placed back there, we asked our waiter if we could just sit at the bar. It was by the door on a 14 degree evening, and STILL it was better than being in that back room. When we walked to the front, the redheaded hostess/bartender cut her eyes at us and some staff exchanged looks. I say to that: If you want to spend $130 on dinner eating in a cold room where you can barely see your food, be my guest. I'm not going to--make faces all you want--it's my money, times are rough, and I'm going to pay for the best experience, not a half-a$$ed one. Pardon my French. The food: It was good, but just that, not exceptional. We ordered the crab cake, one big lump of an overly fried patty, that had a not-so-friendly fishiness and a sauce that was a little too reminiscent of lemon meringue (not kidding, sweet and strangely pie-tasting). I had the braised short ribs, which were overly charred, but tasty and my partner ordered the hanger steak cooked medium, which came really chewy, because it was practically rare (tendons were visible when cutting into it, not pleasant). The cocktails were wonderful, as it is with brunch. I don't think I'd go again for dinner, just stick to the morning menu. It's a shame really, I was hoping for more.
39810	796	2011-01-13	I am giving this place 3 stars because I couldn't give it 3.5 and I didn't want to bump it up to 4. Went here for dinner on a Sunday night. This place had a good crowd, a laid back feel, and was dark as a cave! I was dining with 3 other people and this is what we ate... -Brisket sandwich -Jambalaya -Shrimp and Grits -Salad and butternut squash soup. 2/4 of us were thrilled with our food. The men thought that the Shrimp and Grits and the Jambalaya were wonderfully seasoned, filling, and yummy! Yet, I was not thrilled with my smallish brisket sandwich which was laced with a mayo that really didn't need to be there. This sauce took away from the taste of the BBQ. There was also a smaller than would've expected amount of brisket. The taste was nice though. Also, the soup didn't thrill any of us. Thank god for the bacon app that we got! YUMMY!!! Bacon and pickles made my dinner much more enjoyable. I would like to go back here for brunch soon, but not sure I would find my way back again for dinner.
2064	796	2011-01-10	I've been here for brunch and dinner and had great experiences both times.  I was here with a large group that had a prix fixe brunch, which included coffee, fresh squeezed orange juice, a choice of a mimosa or a spicy bloody mary with a house made pickle, three sides for the table, and an entree.  Everyone seemed pleased with their entrees, but the winner seemed to be the poached eggs over cheddar bacon grits.  The biscuits were warm and crunchy, and the eggs were perfectly cooked. The bacon was thick and crispy, and the potatoes with green onions were very tasty.  Few people were able to finish their entrees. The shrimp and grits is a great dish for dinner, and my friends enjoyed the oysters. The Dark and Stormy cocktail is well made, and for more adventurous drinkers, Char No. 4 offers the high proof and soon to be discontinued Dickel whiskey. Service on both occasions was superb.
5307	796	2011-01-09	three words: YANKEE SOUTHERN FOOD It aint' real ya'll ~Tonsies (From Georgia)
145003	796	2011-01-08	My brother took me here on my last trip to Brooklyn. He told me that since I was such a good beer drinker, I should learn a little more about whiskey too. I couldn't disagree, a girl has to expand her horizons, right? The place is fantastic. The ambiance is seductive with all their low lighting and gives them a certain sex appeal that I think only a whiskey bar could have. At one or two times I was aggravated by the darkness, like when I want to see the fantastic food I'm being served, but overall it wasn't a bother and the tables are lit well enough to read a menu. And speaking of menus, I had no idea that there were so many whiskeys and recipes for whiskey available to one place. I had a hot toddy (to help soothe my cold) while spiked eggnog and whiskey straight up were also enjoyed by my meal companions. The hot toddy was awesome, but I don't recommend eating the apple/spice decoration. It adds to the flavor, it's just not that tasty. I had the squash soup which was bowl-licking worthy (I didn't since this was a fine dining establishment) and I had the pork sandwich. I wasn't super impressed with the BBQ sandwich, but then again, I've been living in the State of BBQ my whole life, so I don't think anywhere in NY can do that unless they're Southern transplants. I really wasn't impressed by the side of beans - they tasted almost uncooked to me. The kraut relish was too spicy, but could have been good on the sandwich. Overall, for the pork sandwich, the special Char No 4 sauce was it's saving grace. My companions had a special plated meal consisting of three different types of pork. It was way more protein than one girl could eat, but then again, I see that's why this is a date place. When she gets up to go to the bathroom, he can finish her plate :) We also enjoyed two desserts. The bourbon butter pecan ice cream (definite winner) and the chocolate mousse cake (something of a winner). The best dessert is the combination of those two desserts. I like this place, I'm not sure I'd come back to eat specifically, but I'd definitely want to try and sample some more whiskey from them.
28325	796	2011-01-05	If you're a whiskeyholic like I'm a whiskeyholic, go here. The whiskey selection is encyclopedic. The food is pretty tasty as well.
145004	796	2011-01-02	Oh man. They had brisket hash that was killer. The biscuit benedict was great too. Comfortable booths. Brunch is excellent. Lots of food.
145005	796	2010-12-24	Went to Char No. 4 and immediately became a regular. The host is welcoming, service is excellent, the mixed drinks are great and the food is awesome. Best. Bacon. Ever. I would like to see a few more meat choices on the menu (partly because I don't eat bread so the sandwich choices, while a great bargain are not for me), but aside from that I love this place. They are charging up the menu a bit with the seasons (both drinks food-- it was great to see a hot toddy on the menu last night) so that's great. I'm not a big whiskey drinker, but am enjoying it more and more thanks to Char No. 4-- their selection is ridiculous and the flights are fun. I can't recommend this place enough. Make reservations on the weekend-- it's packed. Oh yeah, love the brunch here.
38444	796	2010-12-19	I've been here for dinner and for brunch.  Despite the fact that they were quite busy (as we all know by now), things moved efficiently and the service was quite pleasant.   Orders were taken, drinks arrived, drinks were proclaimed delicious, food arrived, and happy tummies ensued.  Seriously, their food is incredible.  If I could have those cheddar curds every day I'd be in heaven.
6746	796	2010-12-05	Gluten intolerance means one cannot eat products made of wheat flour. Eating these products will make someone who is celliac bloated, nauseous, and sick. I am willing to experience this for the brisket sammy at Char 4 because it is that good. Minus one star for the douchebag hipster clientele who orders expensive whiskey to impress their blind dates, but then will order a PBR the next night with their butt-buddies/ bandmates to laugh about how they got an awesome 'handjob' the proceeding night.
8000	796	2010-12-04	The only thing I didn't really like about Char No. 4 is that it's taken me seven years of living in New York to find it. First -- a quick story: when I first moved to New York, I only drank crappy beer* and was constantly made fun of for it. So I learned to drink good beer and was made fun of, because I didn't drink liquor. So I learned that I loved bourbon and whiskey and scotch, and everyone stopped making fun of me.** Char is, ostensibly, a beautiful restaurant, deep and dark -- the perfect kind of place to take a date or meet a few friends for a celebration. The first thing you'll see is a huge bar on the right, with a wall of some of the best bourbon and whiskey you're ever going to see. There's not a ton of room here between the bar and the row of seats at a small shelf with seats, so the earlier you get here the better. But what makes Char special is its' collection of liquor -- almost 300 different types of bourbon and whiskey (and some scotch), broken down into each's specific genre with bartenders who not only know the difference between American Whiskey (Stranahan's of Colorado) and Irish Whiskey but aren't pedantic and dismissive about educating you on what you're drinking. And for those that don't know anything, there are three whiskey flights you can sample (one oz. pours from three different bottles) all from the Buffalo Trace distillery. *** Once you've had a glass, head straight back for dinner. There are two main eating areas, the one in front being the bigger and has both room for tables of four-six and tables of two. The two-tops are quite romantic, even, with low lighting, dark woods, slate and candles everywhere. Keep going back (where the bathrooms are) and there's a raised platform containing a few more tables. Either way, this place fills up at night, so if you're going to get here after seven or so, make sure to make a reservation. Now, on to the food. While I'm one of the biggest proponents of a liquid dinner as the next guy, if you don't order the short ribs you're basically denying yourself one of the ten best pieces of meat I've had in New York. I don't know enough about the preparation of meat to tell you exactly what goes into it, or what they did to make it so delicious. All I do know is it will make your mouth do backflips, which is worth the price of admission. The jambalaya was good, but I think I make it better (they use dirty rice which puts the rice's flavors into the food as opposed white rice, or similar, which will soak up the flavors) but the bacon we had as an appetizer, on a bed of caramelized onion, was fatty and obscenely delicious. We also had the cheese curds (I was training for a marathon, shutup) and though the pimento dipping sauce (really? really.) wasn't that amazing, fried cheese is hard to mess up. Char isn't perfect (nowhere is) but you can be almost guaranteed that you'll have a fantastic time here, which is the definition of a five-star place in my book. I advise you to get there early, have a glass of Buffalo Trace (get it neat), talk to the bartender about other drinks you might like and get the short ribs. You'll be happy you did. * - I still do. I love me some Bud Light. ** - For what I drink; people still make all kinds of fun of me for just about everything else. *** - Or you could just get six ounces of Buffalo Trace, because straight up Buffalo Trace tastes like a Double Rainbow.
145006	796	2010-12-02	The food and bourbon selection here is excellent -- you definitely get what you pay for, and the menu is incredibly solid, well-seasoned, filling and effing delicious. That being said, I don't think they're shelling out for the additional servers they need to keep up with the restaurant's increasing popularity. I'm thrilled that more people are spending money at this restaurant, but when I went two weeks ago for dinner, there were two waiters working for a packed house and bar. No one asked us if we wanted a second cocktail (we did), a food item we ordered was forgotten when our entrees came out, and when we reminded our very polite yet clearly frazzled waiter about it, he ran off to get it and never came back. Nobody checked on us during our meal, and it took an hour to get our check. Nobody asked if we'd like to see a dessert menu (we would have). Still, food was great, but as I write this, it's just a bad experience that makes me think the owner is cheap. Staff your restaurant properly if you want people to want to come back.
46599	796	2010-11-27	We came here for dinner, enticed by a Villagvines offer for 30% off the bill.  The decor/ambiance is very low key - very un Manhattan.  The waiter was opinionated, in a good way.  The Manhattans were superb.  I know that most people come here for brunch or bourbon, but we were just hungry :)  As a result, we ordered far more things than intended.  The chopped pork sandwich is a must-have & the bacon jalapeno cornbread was perfect (some reviews had it as dry - ours was nice & moist).  Their in-house specialty was the sausage and it was amazing.  I wanted to try the gnocchi and even the chicken...I never want the chicken, but theirs looked great.
74230	796	2010-11-25	This was simply the best brunch I've ever had.  Seriously.  Best.  I did the chicken sausage, and will have a hard time choosing something different next time we go. All four of us that went were extremely satisfied. Oh, and service was great.
145007	796	2010-11-20	This place's whiskey selection is inspiring me to move to Cobble Hill when my lease runs in the spring.  I'm not even kidding.
18924	796	2010-11-17	I treated my boyfriend to dinner here for his birthday since he enjoys bourbon...it was definitely the right place. We ordered the Belmont flight but they didn't have two of the three so according to the waitress, we got "upgrades."  No harm done, they were all good. As for food, we ordered the pork nuggets and butternut squash soup.  The nuggets were tasty, but a bit on the greasy side and somehow had no texture.  The soup was delicious but a pinch of salt would have been nice. The special was a Texas-style chili with a side of bacon-jalapeño cornbread that the waitress described as "edible."  Umm, sounds great..no thanks. We ordered the chopped pork sandwich (mostly just because it came with a signature sauce) and the sweet potato gnocchi with the intention to share. The pork sandwich was good, but it needs a little umph. It was tasty but nothing special.  It was my least favorite dish of the night.  The sweet potato gnocchi served on a bed of hen-of-the-woods mushrooms and swiss chard was out of this world amazing.  I had to pace myself because I could have eaten the whole plate in about a minute.  That is the dish that will make me go back to Char No. 4. The brownie with peanut butter ganache and dulce de leche was rich and decadent.  The brownie almost had a cheesecake consistency but was super chocolatey and delicious. The portions are right one target - not overwhelmingly huge so that you'll have enough leftovers for two more meals, but it is just enough to eat most of the plate and feel perfectly full.   In order of favorite to least favorite dishes: sweet potato gnocchi brownie butternut squash soup pork nuggets chopped pork sandwich
8460	796	2010-11-10	Everything is delicious from the bourbon to the gnocchi. The service is consistently amazing and the ambience is very Brooklyn young families in the early evening and as the night goes on the crowd gets young and hot. Great for a nightcap at the bar or a full on dinner. They also have a private area for parties. A friend of mine threw a surprise 40th birthday party for her husband and the staff went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect. If you like southern food with a bit of a twist and sophistication go to char.
11920	796	2010-11-02	Their classic Manhattan is the best. Service can be a bit snotty. Crispy cheddar curds are yummy--kind of like a riff on fried mac n cheese. The butternut squash with roasted pistachios was surprisingly engaging. Something like fried peanuts and pickles was involved. Always a plus.
58474	796	2010-10-23	Easily a hundred different kinds of bourbon, rye, and American whiskey, available in 1 or 2 oz. pours, in a setting that makes you feel like spending 3 or 4 hours catching up with an old friend. In Manhattan, this place would be packed every night, but one of the lovely things about Brooklyn is that we had it almost to ourselves for several hours.  I would like to be the kind of person who is a regular here.
145008	796	2010-10-21	Awesome spot in Brooklyn.  Used to live closer to it, now that I moved across town, I am going more often.  The food is pricey, but the brunch is priced just right if you want something delicious and hearty.  There hasn't been a wait for brunch the few times I've been.  This is a must for food lovers.  Will not disappoint.
51738	796	2010-10-03	I am in love with Char 4.  They have one of the best brunches in the area.  The biscuits benedict (with bacon gravy) is probably the best brunch food I have ever come across.  Pair that with a bourbon bloody mary and I am the happiest lady in the world. My boyfriend always orders the specialty hash of the day, which comes with poached eggs and a mustard horseradish sauce and it has never left him disappointed. During a recent visit I had the french toast special that came with a maple bourbon sauce with sliced bananas.  The ratio of banana to french toast was PERFECT, with a slice of banana for every bite I took. Also, the staff is always super friendly.  A great all around pick for the Smith Street area.
69149	796	2010-09-27	Char No. 4 was a bar featured in Esquire's "America's Best Bars" list under the category of "Best Bar Food". Bars and food are two of my absolute favorite things and I was determined to visit this place to experience what this magazine wrote about them. I arrived on a Tuesday night and saddled up to the bar. Only three other patrons sat at the bar but towards the back there was a bigger dining area and it was packed. It was dark and hip but not in a meat market way. This is a place anyone can come and relax with a well crafted drink. The bartender comes up to me hands me a menu and declares, "We only have drinks tonight." Unsure if she meant only at the bar I asked if that meant to get food I needed to move to the dining area. No, she meant no food anywhere because there was a private party behind held. My stomach groaned in defeat. I came all the way from Seattle to eat this food! Not to waste my trip I ordered a bourbon drink. The name escapes me but it was bourbon, ginger beer, and a few other ingredients. While I am not usually a mixed drink girl this was crisp, somewhat sweet, and light. On my departure I take a picture of the sign outside and above it, looming over me like a divine comedy, is a note saying there will be no food served due to a private function. Even though my initial reason to come to Char No. 4 to eat the food and that reason was crushed I was glad I resumed my stay and had a drink.
29399	796	2010-09-20	It was expensive. I went with my girlfriend on a Friday night around 8 and it had a late dinner crowd which got us seats by the bar. I am not a huge fan of hard liquor except for a delicious Tangueray & Tonic, but I decided on the Kenny Perry, while my girlfriend got the crabcake appetizer with a bourbon and beer. It was a little role reversal that night, where my girlfriend got the food + man drink and I received a night mixed bourbon cocktail in a tall glass with a nice straw. The Kenny Perry was delicious. I drank it down quick. I wanted another one, but for the price of the drink, I thought twice and chose a beer. The crabcake that we got was very good as well. It was only one crabcake, which was depressing because of the price and the size, but I guess it was only an appetizer dish. If I had that money tree in my backyard, or if Char No. 4 would drop their prices a bit, I would probably visit more often, but for now, it will just be something I pass by and gaze at. It is an awesome place. I want to go for dinner, because I have only heard good things. Go if you make more money than me and let me know how good it was.
121042	796	2010-09-20	Good service, tasty food. I've only been here for breakfast so get the pancakes. It's a little spendy but it's tasty and the portions are decent so it's worth it.  The Bloody Marys pack a nice bourbon punch!  I'm not from the south or know anything about bourbon...but who gives a shit.  I like the food here.
22668	796	2010-09-14	Date night found us once again headed back to Char. No. 4.  The train ride to Cobble Hill had us regaling the amazing meal we had had the previous time, and our hungry stomachs ached to be filled with tasty bourbon and glorious meat products. We were seated at what we now call "our table" and silence feel. Not a usual occurrence as I tend to read aloud everything that looks good on the menu as I glance...ok stare...and comment at every plate that passes in view.  Our mouth watered, and smells of great things to come brought smiles to our faces. The menu was a little different to reflect the season change since last we had stepped inside the doors at Char. No. 4, but I still wanted to sink my teeth into everything listed on the paper in front of me. The boyfriend was quick to ask our pleasant waiter what the specials were, both which we jumped on. He ordered the lamb loin with white beans, and I always being a dainty lady the signature bbq ribs with baked beans and corn bread. We started with the must have appetizers: Smoked and Fried Pork Nuggets that come with a side of a hot sauce. Which is the perfect compliment because of its sweet taste and its quick kick of spice.  We also ordered (of course) the Crispy Fried Cheddar Curds with a side of a spicy pimento sauce, which they should bottle and sell.... I'd eat it on everything! As we threw appetizers in our mouth the conversation drifted onto the familiar topic of food, which was had only between the "ohhs", "mmms" and "yumms" of the pork nugget and cheese curd goodness. We conversed about the previous meal we had had at Char. No. 4, and although we knew our meal would be good we also knew it would never outdo the amazing choice I had picked last time we had dined here. You see on date nights I always win in the picking of the best dish category, and our first trip to Char. No. 4 may have been the best date meal I've ever had.   I had ordered an appetizer salad and one of the specials. The most amazing pasta dish I have ever ordered, and the most amazing chefs special I have ever ordered:  The gnocchi with a Boar Ragù.   It was simply divine. I have dreams about it. I have nightmares that it may have all been a dream. It was simply one of the best things I've ever eaten. And back again for a second time at Char. No. 4 we waited for our main courses, while we order our second drinks. A play on an Arnold Palmer, and if I'd stuck to just one maybe I'd remember its name, but it doesn't really matter as all their bourbon cocktails are worth the trip alone. Or even better get a flight of bourbon, or scotch, or whisky, or be boring and stick with the typical dinner flare and get wine. As our plates hit the table we looked up at each other wide-eyed and bushy-tailed and once again silence feel, as we took our first bites.  The BBQ sauce for the ribs had a perfect mix of sweet and spice, and the honey butter that comes on the side for the cornbread is another item I'd love to purchase from a shelf. The boy's lamb and white beans was much to salty and a little on the rare side for my taste, but all in all a fine choice.  (Once again I won best dinner choice)   We were stuffed and happy, but not as happy as we were once we ordered a dessert. The key-lime pie is scrumptious. Tart and tangy, with a covering of perfect marshmallow margarine, sitting on beautiful gram crust: A perfect ending to a perfect date. Char No. 4: The best Gnocchi I've ever had. 'Nough said!
49385	796	2010-09-14	Appetizers were phenomenal, as is their bourbon selection. Wow--I was speechless as the bartender kept asking what I fancied. Bourbon-lover's dream come true. Decor impressed me much as well--not what I expected from a bourbon bar: very sleek, mod. Yes, the dinner entrees are a bit pricey but all you need is a couple of good, meaty appetizers to accent your bourbon selection.The locals were cool too--Brooklyn, as I understand it, is bourbon country!
22501	796	2010-09-13	My first visit to char no 4 brought me to the Cobble hill area of Brooklyn.  Never been here before and its actually a really cool neighboorhood.  It was saturday night and I was surpised that this place was not packed.  The outside looks kind of bland but as soon as you walk in there are hundreds of bottles of Bourbons and whiskeys showcased at the bar and some real cool lamps hanging from the cieling.  As you move further to the back of the restaurant the mood goes back to a little dark and bland but nevertheless not a bad vibe. I thought the menu was great, really wanted to try everything.  Went with a spicy gingerale and bourbon to drink, and the lamb pastrami to start.  Both were great, after this drink I knew the next jack and ginger I have would just bore me to death.  Although I did not get much lamb from the appy, the mix of coriander aioli, pickeled onions and cilantro micro greens was a wonderful combination of favors.  Although i have never had a good Jumbalaya before I decided to try again for dinner.  This jumbalaya was more smokey then spicy and even though it could have used a little hot sauce I really enjoyed.  The rice was nicely cooked and the shrimp were quiet flavorful.  Wish there were more clams in the dish but the house-made andouilee was great too.  For dessert had the brownie with dulce de leche frosting which was good but a little too sweet. The service was great and I will definately be back to get a tasting of some of their whiskeys and try some more food.  Would definitely be back.
62376	796	2010-09-09	So I guess taking the boys from the south to a southern style BBQ place in Brooklyn wasn't the best plan...or perhaps it wasn't really a fair contest. Everything we had was ok, but nothing (food wise) really stood out.  The fried cheese curds (shout out to the Midwest) were a little over fried.  The brisket was a little bland, but well cooked otherwise.  That, and the prices were a little steep for what amounted to a small sandwich on a roll. The real standouts were the whiskey drinks!!!  I had t he Kenny Perry...whiskey, lemonade and mint.  And it knocked me back a little..in a good way. The same could be said for the other house drinks...the names of which i cannot remember.  Maybe next time we visit, we'll skip dinner and head straight for the bar,
19798	796	2010-09-07	Sad story. My bf and i were sooooo excited to try this joint out, both of us being big whiskey drinkers and having heard so many great things from our friends. The whiskey selection is extensive and great for rare finds if you're looking to drop $100+ on an evening of drinks. The food was the big letdown. Our starters were delicious - I had the crabcake and my bf had oysters. Our mains were a step down from mediocre. I had the smoked sausage - I LOVE sausage - I eat it wherever I can find it. It had a strange texture (kind of like luncheon meat), was very bland and came out lukewarm. In hindsight, I really should have sent it back. My bf had the chicken - boring, dry and underseasoned. We were so sad that we didn't bother staying for more drinks. Would go back to try the brunch, but would never return for dinner.
69154	796	2010-08-30	wow, the brunch here is amazing. definitely try the chicken sausage with gravy, biscuits, eggs. SO GOOD!
25940	796	2010-08-22	Went for brunch. Tasty, but maybe a little on the pricey side for the meal. When they say bacon gravy, they mean bacon gravy. I've heard good things about dinner there, so I will be sure to try that as well, and update my review accordingly.
20296	796	2010-08-10	very nicely appointed, modern, yet not austere decor. the server was tip top old school nyc, very competent with pleasantly sardonic nuances. i don't like bourbon, but if i did, that mint julip would have slaked my thirst. instead, i had a reasonably good margarita. the food, for the most part, wasn't ravishing: shrimp and grits- bland jambalaya- a tad too salty and needing more spice, but decent. beef brisket sandwich- was fine and dandy. but the bacon and heirloom tomatoes were SUBLIME. so next time, bacon and booze, booze and bacon.
48985	796	2010-08-07	Honestly. Food was good but not the greatest. I feel the ribs were undercooked and the jalepino cornbread, well. But the sauce was good and the pecan ice cream with bourbon was boss. Nice atmosphere. Would go back. Pricey.
29998	796	2010-08-02	I popped over to Char. 4 a few Sundays ago with high hopes. It was surprisingly quiet, which makes for a nice experience in this neighborhood (some of the restaurants get so loud and crowded) and the service was very good. We started off with the thick-cut bacon (similar to that of Peter Luger's), and I had the brisket sandwich (good, but too much bread...or too little meat). My companions had the hot links (decent) and the shrimp & grits (solid). We also tried the sticky toffee pudding. The meal overall: solid, but nothing too spectacular, and to be honest, I was expecting a little more southern pizazz. I'm thinking I'll have to head back sometime soon and try the whiskeys though, so maybe there will be an update sometime soon.
69169	796	2010-07-27	Solid food (if a bit unfriendly to diners who don't necessarily want bacon in every item on their plate), delicious desserts, unhelpful service. If you've been wanting to sample a variety of bourbons, this is a good place to do it, but otherwise nothing to write home about .
1200	796	2010-07-21	The service here is amazing, but the food is simply ok. I do recommend the lamb pastrami which AWESOME!!
48417	796	2010-07-07	This place was just ok.  Good, unique menu.  The slab of bacon appetizer was intense and amazing, but the main course was just ok and the portion was on the small side.  The place has an amazing whiskey menu so if I came back, I'd probably just go to get drinks at the bar as the bar scene at this place was hopping when I was there for dinner.
6727	796	2010-07-07	Went to Char 4 for brunch and it was pretty good.  Prices are more on the expensive side but nothing to cry over.  It's sort of dark inside but still came off as welcoming and well, just plain nice.  Waitress was friendly and I'd say that the food was a 7 out of 10; AND they have a nice beer/whiskey drink combo deal as well....that never hurts. I have every intention on becoming a repeat customer.
24773	796	2010-07-06	This is definitely a restaurant that I'll be returning to. The menu had plenty of items that I wish I had the opportunity to try, and the whiskey selection here is pretty incredible. Dinner was solid, though not overwhelmingly great, but there is an explanation for that, I think. As far as ambiance goes, the place has some flavor going on. There was a decent bar scene on the Friday evening of our visit and the bar area has some really cool, cylindrical hanging lights that add a ton to the decor up there. The only drawback to hanging at the bar all night would be that it's a bit narrow and I wouldn't want to sit there too long with patrons coming and going. The dining room is also pretty small with seating for maybe 30 people, but a back room "annex" can perhaps fit another 20. Unfortunately the annex (with its dull, bare walls) really lacks ambiance -- request a seat in the main room. FYI: parties of 6 eat at the same booths as parties of 4, so diners here with groups of 5+ should expect to be a bit squeezed into a table. As for the food... along with a few other Yelpers, I used a Blackboard Eats discount so our selection was limited to the prix fixe menu, though each course came with a small whiskey pairing. The starter was a chilled cucumber, green chile & avocado soup with shrimp that was probably the highlight of the meal. It was supremely refreshing and had an excellent, subtle kick as well. For one person in our group, shrimp was not added -- it's nice to know the kitchen was happy to make the adjustment. Entrees were not incredible, but we were all quite satisfied. The crispy sweet potato gnocchi with mushrooms & spinach was good, but it wouldn't stand out in a crowd... on the other hand, I certainly enjoyed my house-smoked beef sausage. The mustard potato salad worked well as a side dish. We opted to get a few rounds of Char No. 4's homemade jalapeno cornbread since I'd heard it was worth trying -- it was delicious as expected, especially with a bit of butter, and nice to have on the table during the meal. But I admit it was a bit dry for our preference. The key lime pie was a truly great dessert and it made me want to eat more key lime pie in general. If that's not a ringing endorsement, then I don't know what is. Aside from the aforementioned lack of space at the booths and somewhat dry cornbread, the other negative here was the service at the outset. Despite a reservation, we waited about 15 minutes to sit. Granted, we walked in about 5 minutes past our reservation but typically there's a grace period. The maitre'd did not accommodate us as pleasantly as I'd have liked -- no suggestion to have a drink at the bar while we waited, not too friendly in general actually. And upon being seated, we did not receive menus for seemingly forever, and then it took another 5 minutes to receive the prix fixe menus. Aside from that, our waiter was helpful and he took care of us during our meal, but that was a rough start and we were all annoyed by it. Then again, the rounds of whiskey that came with each course really helped us to forget that rocky start... Overall impression: we were split on whether we each wanted to return here, but I will definitely come back to try some other menu items that sounded great, and it's intimate enough for a date if you both enjoy American food with BBQ/southern flavor and perhaps a few whiskey samples to get the night started off right.
3493	796	2010-06-30	Sometimes you have to be fancy. Sometimes, you have to be fancy with your lady friends. And your coworker. And your lady friend's coworker. Sometimes you have to coerce non-whiskey drinkers into drinking the whiskey that comes with their three course meal. This three course meal + booze cost us under 40 bucks (sans tip) thanks to Blackboard Eats, and Char No. 4 did not skimp. It was clear that the promotion was a serious attempt at winning over future customers. Win us over they did. We were early so my party indulged in some Lagunitas and Kelso. Here's a tip: They offer Bulleit and a beer for $10...great bargain. Unfortunately I was almost drunk by the time we arrived, so I opted to wait for the flight. Abstaining from happy hour definitely didn't do me any favors. Once we were seated and served our first course (a sublime chilled soup of green chile, cucumber, avocado, and invisible smoked shrimp. The perfect amount of slow burning kick really made my day), they brought our first round of booze. I don't remember what it was. But it was great. And from that moment on, we started our transformation from a smiley, giggling group to a full on gaggle of laugh gasping, cheekbone hurting, flailing goons. And it was fabulous. Not one drop of soup remained, and the same went for the bourbon. Course # 2 was our entree. I went for the house sausage w/ mustard potato salad and crispy shallots. I appreciated the sausage, and it was well made, but there was somethign that was just not quite to my liking. There is no denying that it is probably a popular dish, but it just was not my style. The potato salad, on the other hand, was fantastic. I'm a big fan of mustard, so it was right up my alley. With this course came a sour mash whiskey. It was perfect. I sampled the sweet potato gnocchi, which was a tad large in my opinion, and I enjoyed its flavors. The hen of the woods were a great touch. For dessert we enjoyed slices of key lime pie topped with homemade marshmallow, over the perfect graham cracker crust. I had almost no room for this, but somehow managed to eat half of my serving. I did, however, have room for the whiskey. Needless to say, I stumbled out of this joint full, happy and quite drunk. Full from the food, happy thanks to the company and the sexy, accommodating service, and drunk from all that fucking alcohol. The logical next move? Well, to another bar of course!
4000	796	2010-06-28	'Meh, I've experienced better' pretty much sums it up.  Nothing bad happened here, but also nothing really good.  Well, the bacon app was good.  Another in a string of mediocre bklyn dining experiences after I read so much about a place. Service was fine, a bit slow, but not pushy & consistent water refills.  I got one of the specialty bourbon cocktails.  It was saccharine.  Knowing I was only in for a one cocktail type of evening, wish it would have been something more worthwhile. We got the aforementioned bacon to start as well as the cheese curds.  I feel like a schmuk because I had just gotten through extolling the virtues of cheese curds to a friend who's never visited Wisconsin & experienced their glory.  My argument is completely damaged when a plate arrives with these sad looking little fried thingy-s & a dish of accompanying bright orange mystery sauce.  The presentation was so unappealing.  And the curds were...can't remember, fried globs of cheese. Split the brisket sandwich & jambalaya.  Both blah, though the meat in the former was okay I guess.  Roll was so burnt, not toasted, but black burnt & so many condiments it became hard to remember there was good meat hiding underneath.  Jambalaya was a total disappointment.  2 shrimp, overcooked. 4 clams, overcooked.  Bunch of rice, too soupy.  Some sausage, underseasoned. Thankfully the bill was really reasonable & the company was lovely.  But I won't be back.  I need to move along to the next Meh restaurant I get all excited for & then disappointed by!
74719	796	2010-06-19	I like smokey things. My two favorite drinks are bourbon and mezcal. Char No. 4 smokes their own meat and boasts a vast bourbon offering, so it sounded like a great place to try. Bourbon: char has an amazing bourbon selection. You can choose from 1oz or 2 oz servings (the smaller are exactly half price), so you can easily make your own flights. 1oz starts at $1 with lots of $2-$4 selections. The nut brown beer, one of two draft selections, goes very well with the bourbon.   Food: My friend Eric and I had: Pork nugget appetizer Thick bacon appetizer Lamb Pastrami appetizer Brisket sandwich Pork sandwich Pesto Beets The pork nuggets were just little fried balls, but they really grew on me. I would recommend them. Bacon is the new in food, the hipster of foods. This thick-cut bacon was a bit disappointing. Greasy but not much flavor.   Normally I love all forms of bacon, but I probably wouldn't order this again. The lamb pastrami was pretty good. I like the taste of lamb but it typically is too greasy and leaves me feeling like I did some coronary damage. This dish was lean and light. The meat had almost a raw appearance.  Eric wasn't a huge fan, but I was. The two sandwiches were great. The bread was perfect and the sauces accented it well.  I was probably a little drunk at this point because both sandwiches tasted roughly the same, like deliciousness. Interestingly enough, the vegetarian pesto beets were probably the best dish we ordered.  I didn't think beets could be made better or more refreshing than they already are, but this dish proved otherwise.  It wasn't a standard pesto sauce on the beets, but instead ground basil and crushed walnut (not ground, so there were some thicker pieces).  I don't think there was Parmesan or olive oil, so there was no sharp overpowering taste or oily texture masking the cool freshness of the beets. The food was great and I would make an effort to return. However at $100 for two people, without too much alcohol (2 beers two 1oz whiskeys and a glass of wine), it ended up a bit on the pricey side.  I'm sure if we weren't trying everything we could have kept the cost down. I'll add that our bartender waitress was friendly and cute. Not too-cool hipster cute, just down to earth and friendly.
3442	796	2010-06-16	A Simple Formula Consisting of Good meat and whiskey equals delicious.
145009	796	2010-06-10	Wow and Wow. I'm hard pressed to think of anything negative to say about the food here at Char No. 4. They smoke their own meats, they serve up generous portions and the food is prepared with perfection. Try the wine. Try the whiskey and scotch. Try a taste of everything. If you're disappointed there is something wrong with you!
46032	796	2010-06-06	3 bucks for A slice of white bread. REALLLY. And that's with brunch after ordering an omelet. Com on man!?  You all know how we all have those petty things that just pisses us off. Well this was one of those times. One slice of toast. They can't even give you 2
45810	796	2010-06-05	If you need to satisfy a comfort food craving yet indulge in something more refined,Char No. 4 is definitely a place you shouldn't miss. We arrived early before the dining room was open so we had a drink at the bar. They have a HUGE whiskey selection yelp.com/biz_photos/BB1G… but I stuck with beers which were delcious local brews. Char No. 4 has a nice space - contemporary but still warm and inviting. I love the light fixtures here. yelp.com/biz_photos/BB1G… Later we were seated in a booth and we ordered apps to start. I have just one thing to say - the pork nuggets are swinely divine. I can be so happy with just beer and pork nuggets. They were so good I didn't manage to take picture of them. We also ordered almonds and olives yelp.com/biz_photos/BB1G… which were decent but pale in comparison to the nuggets of joy. I had the jamabalaya yelp.com/biz_photos/BB1G… and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was nicely seasoned and at just the right texture and not mushy at all. The shrimp were fresh and grilled nicely. My friend had the smoked half chicken with mashed potatoes and I must admit I had major entree lust when I took a bite of it. It was so flavorful, moist, and succulent - simple comfort food that is well executed at its very best. Our server was super friendly and folks checked on us frequently. They didn't really need to though since we were focussed on the food. Yummy food for the soul, great friendly service, and an invitingly contemporary space make Char No. 4 a great place to dine even if you're not a whiskey aficionado.
69182	796	2010-05-23	OK, bacon and brussels shows up on my bill as BACON. Enough said. YUM. The bourbon choices were to die for also! Will return!
98849	796	2010-05-20	I am a Bourbon fanatic, so this place is heaven.  The Chipoltle Bourbon Bloody Mary delicious...bourbon lover or not.  The menu is great, but at this locale Bourbons are first and food is second
125485	796	2010-05-12	This place rocks. I've eaten here 6 times without fail everytime.I've come to brunch twice (have the Bloody Mary with bourbon), dinner three times (have the ribs with the corn bread, or the housemade pastrami), and one lunch I've had everything from pork to eggs, to housemade chicken sausage, ribs, corn bread, salads, cheese curds OH MAN, my boyfriend from texas said this place is an orgasm in his mouth. come if you don't venture to BK it's not that far, a block form the warren st exit of the BERGEN ST F train.
3501	796	2010-04-28	God I love those pork nuggets... Their brunch was great.  I loved their cheesey grits and their bloodies which they serve with a housemade pickle.  Interesting twist on a brunch staple. Plus they opened a new back room so hopefully the waits won't be as long.
26097	796	2010-04-25	full disclosure: i went for the bourbon and had my socks thoroughly knocked off. the selection was immense. for anyone who even only moderately likes their liquor brown and from kentucky, i highly recommend one of the whiskey flights. if you're not able to muster that kind of courage, then talk to the bartender. they'll straighten you out well enough.
10977	796	2010-04-17	Char no 4, you are my new Cobble Hill boyfriend.  If only you would be a little more affordable, I would appreciate you all the more.  Once I'm finally able to sample your delightful bevy of bourbons, our love will be complete.  285 whiskeys, Char no 4?  Do you know how much a selection like that means to me?  You even have Cabin Still! Your shrimp & grits, your jambalaya, and your cheddar curds all call out to me, but I'm on a mission to try the rest of your menu rather than relying on what I already know to be good.  Prove to me that the rest of your offerings are just as tasty.  I dare you. Char no 4, I have a date with you.  August-ish.  I'll come in on some sunny afternoon.  You'll serve me my first post-partum Manhattan.  And then, only then, I'll know whether you and I were truly meant for each other.
145010	796	2010-04-11	The bartenders at Char No. 4 are very knowledgeable and friendly. They know their bourbon and provide an excellent selection served perfectly. (Best bourbon collection I have seen in NYC.)  The food is definitely deconstructed nouvelle Southern, not "Southern comfort food" as some have said. It is, however, delicious, creative and, well, comforting! One of my favorite Brooklyn bars.
144749	796	2010-04-11	Bacon Gravy.  Need I say more? Went here for brunch on a lovely Saturday morning.  We are whiskey drinkers so the selection was pretty cool.  I opted for the Chipolte Bloody Mary with a homemade pickle.  YUM, and YES homemade.  I ordered their version of Benedict, as I am a fan of eggs benedict.  It was a good size - with two biscuits, two poached eggs and two big slabs of ham, all smothered in their bacon gravy.  I wish I shared with someone to try something else on the menu since it was a good menu with lots of yummy options, but I was not disappointed by my dish as I finished the entire thing.  There was a pressed sandwich that my husband got with homemade potato chips that was pretty damn incredible. Their potatoes were really savory.  I think they were infused with flavor - they were little bites of heaven. Also important to note:  even though Char 4 is known more for their pork/bacon/ham selections, they can cater to a vegetarian palate.  We went here with a friend who was not a meat eater and they made grits for him without bacon and french toast was one of the specials!
9061	796	2010-04-10	Brunch! On rainy Sunday morning, when sitting in the garden in another place is not an option... Yeah, it's a best place for salty  and not very healthy breakfast and a morning-after drink... also salty (with a little spice). So, it's a great place if you are still recovering from whatever you had on Sat night and yet you want to feel good about yourself. The place is neat, a bit dark (again, a plus, sometimes). The waitstaff is attentive, but not sitting-on-your-back type of attentive. Oh, they have good coffee. Will I come back? Probably. But only when the weather is not letting enjoy the outdoors.
29789	796	2010-04-05	Awesome Southern/BBQ. A little pricey perhaps, but an amazing treat for a night out. Must haves: pork nuggets, side of potatoes, sausage and chopped pork sandwich (you are insane Serge S.!). Most impressive was the pork sandwich in my opinion...moist and perfectly cooked pork, soft and delicious bun, and an amazing in-house BBQ sauce. Also try one of their specialty cocktails, they do not disappoint. Nor does the attentive waitstaff...I'm dying to return for brunch.
61700	796	2010-03-29	When you walk into Char No. 4, you're greeted with the scent of bbq fire pit just in case you forgot where you were.  My friend and I were 3rd and 4th person there, but I guess it's going to be a ghost town anywhere when it's Sunday at around 6:15 pm.   We sat at the bar and I immediately ordered their hot toddy since I still wasn't feeling well.  Strangely enough, the cider part of it was too sweet for me that night.  It took me a while to finish it (so unlike me!).  And when I did, I ordered a different, iced cocktail that had bourbon with some fresh grapefruit, honey and lime.  I finished that baby in about 5 seconds.  SO refreshing! Onto the food - I ordered the Chopped Pork Sandwich with Char No. 4 mustard bbq sauce and side of baked beans ($14).  My friend ordered the house-smoked brisket sandwich with pickled cabbage, beer cheese and side of potato salad ($12).  Both meats were tender and the pickled stuff they gave to eat with everything were a nice contrast and helped to bring out the flavors.  My one big issue with the food was that it came out within about 5 minutes of ordering.  I expect that from fast food but not from a restaurant.  I get that you probably have all of the meats prepared ahead of time, but can you at least make me THINK that you just made it?  Please? I'll still be back to try the brunch and to have more drinks.  The ambience is nice and quiet even when it's practically a full house.
6736	796	2010-03-28	Four words...Chipotle Bourbon Bloody Mary..oh my goodness...so freakin' good.  Follow it up with a 1oz shot of Bourbon & a pint of Microbrew for $10...what a deal! Ok, the food, wow, everything I tried did something different in my mouth.  If you like meat, this is the place for brunch.  The cheddar bacon Grits ...amazing, eggs over easy on a bed of pork hash...good stuff.  The smoked BLT's, (which they just took off the menu...please bring it back), are delectable.  My date ordered the House smoked arctic char over crispy potato cake with a fried egg & egg remoulade, $14, which we both loved.  I've been here only twice but can't wait to go back and try the other items on their menu. My only negative feedback is the ambiance of the place, it's a little too modern/trendy & dark,  if you're in seated in the back you'll never know that the sun is shinning, but who really cares when your taste buds are in heaven!
